Hi, people! Recently I just got membership/bitlife god mode and you know. I decided to make this baby a model. Enjoy!
Valentine was born a female in Perpignan, France. She was conceived after her father's condom broke, her birthday is October 25, 1932. Her mothers name Is Margot François, a photographer (age 31) her fathers name is Enzo Perrin, a police officer (age 47)  she also has a sister named Charlotte (age 2) and a family dog (breed: beagle) named Lassie. When she was born her parents called her the most beautiful baby ever.
Early life
[
]
Age 2: A little boy name Isaac Legend, wanted to be her friend. They both agreed and ran happily. Lately, anyone who sees pictures of her says she has a strong presence.
age 3: A little girl, that  Valentine was playing with picks up her teddy, named Flower. so she played with her together.
age 4: She, lately became obsessed with watching runaway models on the television. Later that year she played with her friend, Isaac. Her big sister, Charlotte started Primary School.
age 5: Lately, people around her, been asking if she's on "Toddlers & Tiaras" A show on the 30s.
age 6: Valentine, starts getting enrolled in St. Brigitte's Primary School. She couldn't go for 20 minutes without pooping, after drinking milk and was suffering from Lactose Intolerance. {I realized that I think I have to get the model pack but eh.
age 7: With the way people have been pampering her lately, she finally realizes that looks are everything.
age 8: A group of neighborhood kids, are creating a secret club, they call the "SWEAR CLUB" and only allow kids who say bad words. She wanted to go in it.
Age 9: Her, friend Isaac wanted to do some mischief with her, and she agreed. And put permanent marker, to draw wieners on a street sign. Her, father got mad at her, and she said she was sorry.
age 10: She went to the doctors office to check her eyes, thankfully she didn't need any glasses. She also took a course in modeling.  Trying to do her best everyday.
age 11: She, discovered her classmate Ali, stole her's and everybody else calculator, and listed them for sale in Mrs. Schmitts, class. I laughed with everybody in the class. She has been was sent to the principals office, and apologized for her actions.
age 12: Her beagle, Lassie passed away from old age after her years have finally caught up to her. Valentine, and her mother went to the funeral. And she looked at Basil, and she asked him out, and they both agreed.
age 13: She, was in music class at school and had a opportunity to try out a new instrument. She tried out for the violin. She also made a tiktok account. And did a tiktok dance for her first video.
age 14; The sponsor of the school council at her middle school, asked her to become the class representative, and she agreed. Practicing her modeling skills.
age 15: Basil, and her started secondary school. her father also retired, started new life retired.  She joined the cancer awareness group, and school council, and the mean girls.
age 16: Valentine, and her family went to the Burning Man Festival. Keeping up with her modeling lessons, and social media. Her big sister, Charlotte, graduated from Secondary School.
age 17: The sponsor of the cancer Awareness Club, has asked her to become treasurer of the club. She agreed! Her big sister, started studying communications in university. She also got a part time job, as golf shop assistant. She failed her test, trying it again.
18: She quit her other, job trying to find a new job.
(What will happen next?)
Trivia
She is the youngest
she never had a older brother
Valentine Perrin
