Early Years
[
]
Jace Cote
was born on May 18th 1913 in Montreal, Canada to married couple, Alyssa and Jeremy Cote. His mother worked as a firefighter while his father worked as a flight attendant. He grew up alongside his older sister Ellen, who was only one year older than him, and the family owned a cat named Justine.
1915 | Age 2:
He became friends with his very first friend, Mathis at his local daycare.
1918 | Age 5:
He became friends with another boy he met at daycare, Terrence.
1919 | Age 6:
He began elementary school at Lee Primary School, a private elementary school. He had good grades and met new friends, Raphael and Julia, the later love of his life.
1920 | Age 7:
He went on his very first vacation with his family. A hiking trip to Torres del Paine National Park in Chile.
1921 | Age 8:
He was bullied for weeks on end by a classmate, Hunter. Jace couldn't handle it anymore and eventually snapped, fighting him and winning in an instant. Due to Hunter's injuries, Jace was later charged by Hunter's parents. He was convicted of assault and sentenced to one year at Montreal Juvenile Detention Facility. He spent most of his time there writing letters and reading at the juvie library.
1922 | Age 9:
Jace was released from juvie and enrolled at a new private elementary school, Walker Primary School. He kept his good grades and took up going on walks after school as a new hobby as well as taking acting lessons.
1923 | Age 10:
He continued to take acting lessons as well as starting to take karate lessons receiving his white, yellow, and orange belts.
1924 | Age 11:
His parents took him and his sister on their second vacation, a hiking trip to Yakushima Island in Japan. He continued to take acting and karate lessons, this year receiving his purple, blue, and green belts.
1925 | Age 12:
He began private middle school at Swallows Middle School. He joined the school baseball team. Jace also began to realize as he got older that he had feelings for his close friend, Julia. Later that year after a sleepover of many they had already had, he asked her out and they began dating. Jace continued to take acting and karate lessons, this year receiving his final belts; his brown, black, and red belts. That same year, his parents took him and his sister on their third vacation to Saint Lucia.
Teenage Years
[
]
