Aland al-Assad's Grave at St. John Paul's Mausoleum
Aland Elias Al-Assad Sr.
, also known as
Assadman
by Arsenal fans, was a former professional soccer player, politician, and a Ballon d'Or winner. He is highly regarded as one of the greatest midfielders of all time.
Contents
1
Origins
2
Professional Career
3
Political Career
4
Death
5
Personal Life
Origins
[
]
Aland al-Assad was born on June 6, 1972 as the eldest of 8 children born to Yousef and Marla al-Assad, the Patriarch and Matriarch of the
al-Assad family
. Aland was especially close to his younger sister Fidan, who was named in honor of Aland's aunt. He excelled in primary, middle and high school, where he played as a goalkeeper in his school's soccer team. Eventually, he become captain of his team and got increasingly better, gaining him popularity and fame, as well as scouts recruiting him to their team.
When he was 14, Aland's girlfriend, Violet, suddenly died from a stray bullet during a shootout at her family gathering. Aland never got over her death, mourning her daily even after he got married with his new partner.
Professional Career
[
]
Aland was spotted by a scout from
Esportiva Perdizes
, a soccer team in Brazil. However, Aland would have to play as a midfielder instead of a goalkeeper in order to progress in his career. In spite of this, Aland agreed to change positions. He was signed as a midfielder in the transfer season of 1990.
King of the Assadian Kingdom of the Realm
Biographical Informations
Full Name
Aland Elias al-Assad Sr.
Birth
June 6, 1972
Gender
Male
Age
75 (at death)
Death
November 17, 2047
Residence(s)
Luxurious Manor
Job Informations
Job(s)
Professional Soccer Player
Mayor of Hull
County Council Chair
Affiliations
Family
Yousef al-Assad (father) †
Marla Totah al-Assad (mother) †
Violet "Vio" Harrison (girlfriend) †
Maria al-Assad (wife) †
(4 brothers and 3 sisters...) †
Aland al-Assad Jr. (son) †
(many more issue...) †
Lover(s)
Violet Harrison (girlfriend)
Maria al-Assad (wife)
Assad became beloved by the EP fans, securing 2 League Champion trophies for the club. He left the club in pursuit of new and greater opportunities, where
Arsenal FC
was willing to pick him up. He became a starting midfielder and instantly impacted the club and its fans. In his second season at Arsenal, he recieved the Ballon d'Or at age 29. Some argue that he should've gotten the award earlier while others suggest that because he was in the Brazilian League, he was not noticed as a prestigious player.
Assad spent his final years of his career playing at
Westham FC
. Although he won no trophies for the club, he managed to get them out of relegation numerous times and even helped them get 2nd in the League for his final season.
Political Career
[
]
Assad began taking a great interest in politics directly after his sports career ended. He chose to become the Mayor of Hull representing the Conservative Party first, finishing his first term with an 89% approval rate. However, he chose not to seek another term as Mayor, instead seeking a job at the County Council Chair. He initially lost the election against Libertarian Amy Halls for the job, but 4 years later, he defeated Sam Hogkins, the Libertarian nominee, for the spot. He served 15 years on the Chair. Some wanted Assad to become Prime Minister, however, Assad was born in Syria and is thus not a native born British citizen.
Death
[
]
While pursuing an acting career, Assad had to consume GHB for a scene, which he willingly decided to do. He immediately had to be hospitalized, where he died the following day due to consuming more GHB then he could have handled.
Personal Life
[
]
Assad had 64 children, whom which the eldest was
Aland al-Assad Jr.
, who succeeded his father in becoming the future King Aland II of the Assadian Kingdom of the Realm. He was faithful to his wife, Maria, and was reported to be a loving son, husband, father and grandfather. Arsenal FC had a statue erected with Assad's likeness at Emirates Stadium in memory of the legendary midfielder.
