WIP
Mandlenkosi Ndlela
(born December 18, 1988) is an amaZulu South African Apprentice Auto Mechanic for Duplooy Durban. He's a father of three, a boy, a girl, and another on the way as of 2008.
Early Life
[
]
Ndlela as a Newborn Baby
Ndlela was born a male on December 18th, 1988, in Durban, South Africa, as the result of an affair between a 48-year-old travel agent, Tholakele Khumalo, and a 46-year-old pornographer, Bokamoso Ndlela. He had a half-brother, Mandla Ntuthuko, 9 years his elder, who was the son of Tholakele's husband, Elon Ntuthuko, whom Mandlenkosi never met.
Later that year, he came into possession of a VHS tape of the family reunion that Christmas.
In 1989, Mandlenkosi's father married one Uminathi Masemola, a 27-year-old Banker. They went on a brief honeymoon in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Uminathi Masemola was unkind to Mandlenkosi.
In 1990, Tholakele Khumalo attempted to have Mandlenkosi vaccinated at the local doctor's office. Terrified of the approaching needle, Mandlenkosi threw a conniption fit. Around then, Mandlenkosi made his first friend, Kungawo Khune, a neighbor's son.
Growing up, Mandlenkosi spent time with his father, who introduced him to new hobbies and offered important stability and discipline. His mother was more neglectful, leaving him alone to go to parties and hookup with people. His stepmother, Uminathi, refused to spend time with or even talk to him. At a young age, Mandlenkosi learned to bake with his friend Kungawo. An intelligent kid, Mandlenkosi learned to read by the age of 4. He watched a spelling bee with his father and managed to repeat each word he saw spelled letter for letter.
By 1994, Bokamoso became concerned about the strained relationship between Mandlenkosi and Uminathi.
Ndlela as a kid
In 1995, Mandlenkosi was enrolled at an All-Boys Primary School run by the well-liked no-nonsense 74-year-old Headmaster S'bu Makeba, by his mother Tholakele. The same year, his father started teaching him how to swim.
In 1996, Mandlenkosi went on a road trip around South Africa with his mother and half-brother, which he didn't enjoy much but did appreciate. The same year, Mandlenkosi started taking Kung Fu with his mother's permission. His father encouraged him to do so for the benefit to his health and capabilities. He started going on walks as part of his training.
In 1997, Mandlenkosi started trying to get a dog, and the next year, his mother let him get a 5-year-old male brown and white mutt named Avalanche. The same year, he befriended a classmate named S'kulekile Masilela.
In 1999, Bokamoso died of natural causes at the relatively old age of 57. He left Mandlenkosi over 1 million USD in inheritance. Kungawo was there for Mandlenkosi while he grieved and they became best friends.
Ndlela as a young man
In 2000, Tholakele retired, so Mandlenkosi stopped relying on her and focused on being more self-sufficient and disciplined. He was then enrolled at an All-Boys Secondary School run by a strict 35-year-old man named Gift Mkhabela. By then, Mandlenkosi was consistently going to the gym.
In 2002, Avalanche died peacefully at the age of 9 (63 in dog years). Mandlenkosi had him buried in the Ndlela family plot.
In 2003, Mandlenkosi earned his black belt in Kung Fu.
In 2005, Tholakele died of natural causes at the age of 55, leaving Mandlenkosi essentially orphaned while still a minor. His stepmother was given guardianship, however she cared too little to exercise it. Thus, Mandlenkosi acted as if emancipated. He inherited almost 400 grand from her in liquid cash.
In 2006, Mandlenkosi graduated from secondary school and moved on to community college.
Career
[
]
In 2001, Mandlenkosi began working as a delivery boy for The Durban Daily, making 4$ an hour.
In 2006, Mandlenkosi received a raise of 3 dollars on the hour.
In 2008, Mandlenkosi began an apprenticeship at Duplooy Durban, an auto shop, for a salary of over 10 grand a year.
Personal Life
[
]
Despite having bisexual tendencies, Mandlenkosi identified as a heterosexual in order to be in-line with his Christian faith. He thus expressed interest exclusively in women.
Mandlenkosi started going out with a girl he met at the gym named Tholakele Adcock in 2002. For unclear reasons, she broke up with him in 2003.
Mandlenkosi started going with another gym girl named Tholakele Nokubonga in 2003. In 2004, Tholakele encouraged Mandlenkosi to give up his virginity to her, to which he responded by saying he wanted to wait till marriage. She said she understood but started crying after. She had been diagnosed with diarrhea so its possible she felt undesirable as a result. Her symptoms went away in 2005.
In 2005, Mandlenkosi contracted E Coli and vomited at the Durban Fitness Center. He visited Dr. Gqamile who treated his symptoms and had him cured within the year.
In 2006, Mandlenkosi successfully proposed to marry Tholakele Nokubonga, He planned to marry her a family member's house and go on honeymoon to Aruba. However when he requested she sign a prenup, she argued to him, to which he argued back, leading to a fight that put their relationship on thin ice. They attempted relationship counciling, but it was hopeless. Feeling neglected, Mandlenkosi accepted an offer to go to a sex party and got a girl named Khanyisile Nonhlanhla pregnant. Tholakele Nokubonga moved on afterwards.
Mandlenkosi started dating Khanyisile and named his son Mandlenkosi Ndlela. Within the year he proposed to her at a music festival and married her at a family member's house. He tried to convince her to sign a prenup but she refused and argued with him. For the sake of his son Mandlenkosi risked half his assets and married Khanyisile without a prenup in 2007.
