Aliyah Howsen
(née
Herron
; born 1945) is an American jack-of-all trades. By marriage, she is a member of the Howsen family as the wife of
Vernon Howsen
and sister-in-law of
Derek Howsen
.
Career
[
]
Aliyah's professional background originates from the late 1960s. A fellow hippie and activist of the counterculture movement, she worked in numerous industries, such as media and entertainment. She could often be seen advocating for attempts of legalizing recreational substances, especially marijuana. In the 1970s, during the rise of disco, Herron often took up dancing, sometimes even appearing as a backup dancer in performances by popular artists of the decade. Come the 1980s, she focused slightly less on popular culture and more on political affairs due the rise of certain ideologies, such as conservatism, Reaganomics, socioeconomics, consumerism, and many others. Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, Herron began advocating for even more diverse subject matters, such as globalization (90s) and celebrity culture (2000s).
In most recent times, during the 2010s and the 2020s, Herron's careers have focused on the most up-to-date topics, such as social attitudes and culture, modern media, entertainment, politics, business, and various others. However, she still maintains some aspects from her historical generation, since many ideas from back then are still relevant today. Aliyah has a notable presence on social media, which she considers to be a generally useful tool to help generations of people connected, but she is also reasonably critical of its flaws.
Personal life
[
]
Herron was born in Virginia to a family of post-Civil War ideologists; unlike most Southerners at the time, they were anti-racists and supported the civil rights movement, thus raising Aliyah to be a strong supporter of equality and equity for all people. Her father was exempted from military service during World War II so he could raise his family, but he still contributed to the war effort by making food and stamp donations to the numerous military programs. Her mother, a licensed nurse and doctor, cared for wounded soldiers at the local hospitals.
...
During her freshman year of college in 1963, Herron married Howsen, having met him earlier that year around her 18th birthday. They had four children together:
Hobart (born 1963)
Charlotte (born 1965)
Tina (born 1967) - Born after Herron's graduation
Camille (born 1971) - Named after
mother-in-law
