Princess Victoria Birdwhistle III (1612-) was the wife of Prince Henry II of Chislehurst, she was known for her brave personality, and gorgeous purple eyes, fair skin, and dark brown hair. She will soon have kids that time.
Early life (1612-)
[
]
Victoria Birdwhistle III was born on April 20th, 1612 at the kingdom of England. She was born at the Dawnton Castle, when her mother and father were on a picnic, and at some Hotcakes. Her father, Robin Birdwhistle II was the King of England (47). Her mother, Victoria Birdwhistle II (42) was the Queen Consort of England, and was known for her grandfather, King George IV. Caroline had an older brother Thomas Birdwhistle the prince of Warwick (4). nd their Family beagle named, Sarah.
In 1616, Victoria started an, All-girl etiquette, miles and miles in England, road in the her mothers carriage, during that year, The queen had a party but one of the people left their drink unattended, Sarah got a hold of it, later getting alcohol poisoning and dying the next day, the maids, buried Sarah in a rose pit.
In 1620, Victoria's, parents got her and her brother a cat named Chester, as the cat ran around the house accidently knocking down our golden statue of her mothers grandfather.
in 1621, Victoria, and her mother went gambling (some reason) Also during that year, Finland had enforced a dealings ban on Switzerland.
In 1622, She was sent, to a all-girls entiquette, in a town in France. She tried out for the poetry club.
In 1624, She got a terrific headache, her mother called the doctor and she was diagnosed with the "common cold" but back then people thought it was dangerous, she had to be bedridden for a few days.
In 1626, Her, big brother went to study Chemistry at University. She noticed when she got home that her cat was staring at the wall for 10 hours, she didn't understand it.
In 1627, She, folded her bedsheets, needing to go to the loo then in her underwear, she noticed blood, she told her mother and she explained that it was a period.
In 1628, Victoria's, father got diagnosed with Pneumonia, and during the same year her cat passed away from complications of a illness, as the maids discovered they all went to the funeral.
In 1629, She, passed her carriage license, and got a coach carriage. Her, father is no longer suffering from Pneumonia.
Married Life
[
]
in 1630, She, graduated from school, and is dating a man named Henry Achard, soon got married and he is now Prince Henry.
in 1631, she became pregnant, she supported a law which spitting is illegal, since its a sign of disrespect.
in 1632, Victoria gave birth to a baby girl named Alice Birdwhistle II, the duchess of Lonsdale, all the maids crowded around to help Victoria get set up.
In 1633, She, got pregnant again after love was sighted, she got the baby room ready as people wondered if it was a girl or boy.
in 1634, Henry got diagnosed, with constipation. She gave birth to a baby girl named Clara Birdwhistle, the duchess of Brentford.
in 1635, Henry, and Victoria made love. And she gave 4 cents to her daughter, Alice for ice-cream.
In 1636, A local maid, Martha Ruth called Victoria a talentless simpleton in a interview. She then called her a smug whore, which later that day she got fired. Later that year, she got pregnant.
in 1637, Victoria's, daughter was bedridden, due to whooping cough. Then later that year, her father passed away from a illness, and was buried near a pond. Her big brother, succeeded the throne and became the King of England. She, gave birth to a baby boy named George Birdwhistle IV, the Duke of Chichester.
in 1638, She got pregnant again, and the maids were like "again?!" As they were groaning and were miserable.
in 1639, she gave birth to a baby boy named Julian Birdwhistle, The Duke of Hereford, people were shocked and held the new baby.
in 1640, His, daughter, Clara passed away at the age of 6, she was found not breathing in her bedroom, and doctors in the kingdom said she died from complications of whooping cough. And got buried in a fountain. Also later that year she got pregnant.
in 1641, she gave birth to a baby boy named, James Birdwhistle III, the duke of Buckmaster, and later she got arrested for supplying alcohols to Minors, but she declared that she's the queen of Chislehurst, and they let her go.
In 1642, her daughter, Alice started secondary School. Her son George also started Primary school. Her brother Thomas, had a baby boy named Alexander Birdwhistle, the new prince of Ramsbottom.
in 1643, Her, big brother Thomas, and his wife had a baby girl named Sarah Birdwhistle, the new princess of Woodbridge. The same year she got pregnant.
in 1644, Victoria, gave birth to a baby girl Named Erin Birdwhistle I, the duchess of Mersey. Her son started primary school
in 1645, She was cured of depression, and became pregnant, Her, big brother Thomas, and his wife Clair had a baby girl named Sarah.
in 1646, her, son Julian started primary school, and she gave birth to a baby girl name Erin Birdwhistle, the duchess of mercy.
in 1647, she was cured of depression, going into a rose field. At 3am on March 15th, 1647 they made love and she got pregnant.
in 1648, Her, son James started Primary School. She gave birth to a baby boy named Edwin Birdwhistle, the Duke of Stradbroke.
In 1649, She, had to scrap her carriage, and her nephew Alexander started Primary School in France.
In 1650, Her, son George started secondary school. She became pregnant again.
in 1651, Her daughter, Alice graduated a school all the way in England. Her daughter Erin, started Primary School, an all royal people primary school. She gave birth to a baby girl named Charlotte Birdwhistle, the Duchess of Craven.
in 1653, Victoria's, daughter Erin had been bedridden with chicken pox. She couldn't get out of bed until she was better. Her son Edwin, started primary school. She fell to her knees and prayed to become pregnant, a month later she became pregnant.
in 1654, She gave birth to a baby boy named Winston Birdwhistle, the Duke of Crapstone. I- She took her husband Henry on a class vacation to Loch Ness, Scotland. She drank some herbal tea, to help comfort her.
in 1655, While, sleeping one of the maids woke her up and kept on bothering her, so she posed for the maid.
in 1656, Her daughter, Charlotte started primary school, and her niece Sarah started Secondary School.
in 1657, His son George, began studying religious studies.
