Ella Nilsson
Young baroness in 1928
Aliases
The Baroness of Kungelv
The Baroness of Lerum
Relatives
Parents:
Count Lars
(father)
Countess Molly
(mother)
Husband:
Baron William
Siblings:
Matilda Nilsson
(sister)
Baron William
(brother)
Baroness Elise
(sister)
Children:
Elias Nilsson
(son)
Thomas Nilsson
(son)
Nieces & Nephews:
Elin Nilsson
(niece)
Affiliation
Royal family
The Baroness of Kungelv
The Baroness of Lerum
Biographical information
Marital status
Married
Education
Jensen Primary School
Hvidfeldtska Secondary School
University
(Communications)
Sexuality
Straight
Date of birth
March 24, 1901
Place of birth
Gothenburg, Sweden
Physical description
Species
Human
Gender
Female
Eye color
Azure
Baroness
Ella Nilsson
(b. March 24, 1901 — d. ???) is a Swedish baroness, born to
Lars Nilsson
and Molly Nilsson, the legal heir to a fifth of her father's estate and the secondary successor of the Nilsson branch. At birth she was identified as the Baroness of Kungelv.
The Baroness of Kungelv & Lerum, inheritrix of the Counts of Rosenqvist.
Childhood
[
]
Ella at age 3
Ella at age 12
Ella was born in Gothenburg, Sweden, in 1901, four years after her parents' wedding at Crosspen Estate. In 1908, Ella was enrolled in Jensen Primary School, one of the best in the city. She studied well and worked very hard. In 1918, she was enrolled in Hvidfeldtska Secondary School after his brother. Her father often praised her for her enormous success in her studies, and she dreamed of becoming the greatest scientist in Sweden, gradually moving towards her goal. She studied her family's archives, bought new books with her baroness salary and gained knowledge, sometimes staying up until the morning. In 1919 she graduated from secondary school.
Adult Life
[
]
At the age 19 she began studying communications at university preparing to take office as Baroness. One year later she was diagnosed with hemorrhoids (at the same time her sister, Matilda, was no more suffered). In 1923, she moved out in Kugelv preparying to her direction of baroness. One year later she graduated from university with an undergraduate degree in comunications and officially started her career of baroness.
At 29, she started dating William Gustafsson, Jr. Business Analyst at Caveman Automotive. Four years later she accepted his proposal. They married at Crosspen Estate in front of 50 guests. In 1936, she gave birth to a baby boy named Elias Nilsson. Two years later she became pregnant with her second son, Thomas Nilsson. Same year she created a will dividing things equally.
Government
[
]
In 1924, Ella took office as Baroness of Kungelv. Her main goal was to improve education in the city and open new libraries.
1928:
Ella opens the Central City Library, in which she partially collects some of the books of her childhood.
1929:
Journalists condemned Ella for her 'un-ladylike' behavior when she crosses her legs at the knee. She continued to do so.
1936:
She takes control of Lerum due to her sister's voluntary departure.
1939:
The bulk of the budget is directed to the development of schools and libraries in the city. Lerum is transferred to the management of her sister Elise's former assistant, Karl Lirveau.
