Timofey
(2010 - 2025) was a Russian Sibrian Husky. Starting out in a shelter, he would live a thrilling life of name changes and traveling adventures.
Life
[
]
Timofey was born in St. Petersberg in the backseat of his mother's owner's car. Shortly after his birth, he was dropped off from said car at Kruchchev Animal Refuge, where he was caged up with six other dogs, led by volunteer Zheglov Semenov (born 1969) and animal control officer Kristina Sokemov (born 1974). These dogs were a Welsh corgi named Akinfeeva, a poodle named Ally, and four mutts named Chocolate, Ebony, Summer, and Tess. They got along fairly well in the six months they spent together in the shelter. When Timofey was six months old, he was approached by shelter customer Alistrova Denisovna (1981 - 2011), a travel agent. He gave her big puppy dog eyes, which won her over easily. Denisovna adopted him and took him to his new home at her house. From her, he would have his first legal name change to
Leon
. He made quick friends and companions in Alistrova's cat, Valentina. Timofey showed love to his new family for a whole year.
One fateful day in 2011, Timofey witnessed Denisovna choking on a banana. He frantically ran for help, but with no success, and Alistrova ended up choking to death. Timofey was subsequently rehomed at the residence of motor shop receptionist Silvestrov Egorov (born 1993), who was also training to join the military, giving him a harsh demeanor. While Timofey failed to warm up to Egorov, he got along well with his other pets, Michelle the Great Dane and Miguel the cat. Months past, and whenever Timofey tried to connect with Silvestrov, he would be neglected and mistreated by him. One day in 2012, Egorov berated him, making Timofey very angry, to the point where he lunged at him. Silvestrov kicked Timofey out onto the street, but not before the latter chomped on his groin. Timofey thus began a life on the streets, starting off on Переулок влюбленных (Lovers Lane).
While living on Lovers Lane, Timofey would often serve as the leader of the animals on the street. Whenever he would put himself in charge, a decent amount of the smaller animals would eagerly submit to him. The bigger dogs, however, did not take very kindly to his leadership. It was also during these times when Timofey discovered his struggle to successfully mate with the females; despite never fathering his own offspring, it is possible that he interacted with other relatives of his. In June 2012, he was caught by animal control and sent back to Kruschchev. Over the next months, Timofey began teaching himself to scheme plans of escape and aggression. In 2013, he formed a gang with the other animals and started a riot, in which he sustained serious injuries, such as a perforated jaw, a cracked stomach, and a burst torso.
In June 2013, Timofey got a second chance at the domestic life when he was adopted by hairdresser Leo Andreevna (born 1984), who gave him a new name,
Igor
. He found another new companion in Rocky the Australian shepherd. The family's relationship began thriving very quickly, with moments such as Timofey clawing at a burglar's throat and scaring them away from the house, which had happened around his fourth birthday. He also shared a loving connection with Milana, a dalmatian Leo adopted in June 2014, even though they were not successful in mating. In March 2016, Leo decided for them to have a fresh start in Jordan, with all the hardships Russia had been facing. Timofey kept a positive outlook on the move, despite not wanting to leave his home country behind, for he would miss seeing any of his old friends that may have still been alive at that point. After bidding their loved ones goodbye, they emigrated to Aqaba, Jordan, where they enjoyed more loving time together.
One day in 2018, Leo took Timofey on a car ride to the vet, who revealed his intention to euthanize him. Feeling like he still had plenty of life ahead of him, Timofey escaped from the vet's office and started another street life on شارع شيدرينا إدجبرت (Shchedrina Edgbert Street). He would spend nine months in the streets of Jordan, while unsuccessfully trying to swim through the sewers to find a port. In September, a man captured Timofey and turned him into the Aqaba Humane Society, where he stayed for a year-and-a-half. At one point in March 2019, he was neutered in the aftermath of starting a riot in the shelter. His escape attempts would continue into 2020.
In March 2020, UJ student Badr Hussein (born 1999) came to the shelter to adopt Timofey. At this time, he experienced his final legal name change, this time being
Echo
. Despite the similar surname, Badr had no official relation to the late Iraq president Saddam Hussein. Badr eventually graduated from UJ in 2021 to become a marriage counselor. It was also around that time when Badr fathered a baby girl named Chakira, whom Timofey loved and cared for, as well as Badr's cat, Karima. A year later, in 2022, Badr took Timofey to the vet, who once again tried to euthanize him. Timofey managed to escape like last time and hurried for the sewers. Managing to swim through them this time, he managed to find the nearest port. Timofey stowed away on the cargo ship
Southern Absolute Zero
.
The ship took Timofey to Portugal, Iraq, and Ecuador, the latter of which he ended up staying in when he was caught by the crew members, who brought him to the West Guayaquil Animal Shelter. In 2023, Timofey engaged in another one of his riots, which ended up killing six other animals, and tried to escape afterwards but to no avail. This process repeated for nine months, until September 2023 when, after another riot that killed two animals, he successfully escaped, finding another new home on Smoke Road. He stayed there for another six months until March 2024, when he stowed away on the ship
Southern Terrestrial
, which took him to Lagos, Nigeria.
Upon arrival in Nigeria, Timofey was captured by local authorities and sent to Lagos Humane Society. Three months later, in June 2024, he escaped from another attempted euthanizing by the vet and escaped to the streets. He swam back through the sewers and back to the port, hopping aboard the
Southern Onyx
. The ship took him to Monaco, where he was captured and sent to the Animal Defense League of Monaco shelter, where he would end up staying for the rest of his life; in 2025, he was caught trying to escape from the shelter. One of the employees took him to the back room to be euthanized. Timofey tried to escape again, but this time, he failed to get away. At this point, Timofey realized that he did not want to run anymore, and wanted to be at peace, even if he would never see Russia again. Thus, he accepted his fate and was euthanized.
Footnotes
[
]
Life played on February 3, 2025.
Obtained "Territorial" ribbon.
