This page is under re-construction
Relationships
Launched on iOS:
September 2018 (default)
Launched on Android:
February 2019 (default)
Relationships
are an important mechanic in
BitLife
. It ranges from various family members, lovers and exes, and friends, to coworkers and classmates. Each character having a relationship with the main character will have their name displayed in list, with their role shown beside in parentheses.
Relationship stats varying in different levels.
Under each names are bars which show how good the main character's relationship with them is. Options are based on the relationships' level: If their relationship is low, characters are less likely to respond positively to conversations, compliments, and gifts, and are more likely to insult, argue with, or assault the main character. Relationship stats also help achieving certain
Ribbons
. The
Family Guy
ribbon can be given to a married male or transgender male character who is a father and devotes his life to making his family happy. The
Fertile
ribbon can be given to a character who has at least 6 biological children. The
Mooch
ribbon can be given to someone who constantly asks family for money, even after they refuse.
The relationship bar will go down as the character
ages up
, so it is best to constantly keep in touch with others. Depending on the action performed, the relationship will either increase or decrease.
An example of friends.
Parents
Step Parents
Siblings
Step Siblings
Step Children
Lover
Children
Exes
Grandchildren
Friends
Nieces & Nephews
Pets
Late Relatives
Late Pets
An example of parents.
Parents
are the main character's mother and father. They are the characters who will be introduced first when the player starts a new life. Their ages and conception method will be noted. From the October 2019 update, characters may be adopted with a reason why their birth parents could not keep them.
Depending on the conception method, the main character's father may be unknown. In such cases, they will only have a mother.
Options
[
]
An example of other step parents.
Step Parents
are the main character's step father and step mother. The main character will have them if they were adopted or if one of their parents remarries.
An example of siblings.
If your character has any older
Siblings
(including half siblings), their names and ages will be mentioned at the start of your character's life. When your character ages up, there is a chance your character's parents will have a baby. A half sibling's profile will say their other parent's name. There is also a chance to be born as a twin.
Options
[
]
Rumble
- Your character will attack your sibling. If you are over 18 and your sibling is under 18 or vice versa, you cannot rumble due to the laws. However, you may still rumble if your sibling squabbles and you choose to rumble with them.
Squabble
Your character will argue with your sibling. Unlike rumbling, you can squabble if you are over 18 and your sibling is under 18 or vice versa.
Step Siblings
are the children that the step parents had with the previous spouse. If they were born after the remarriage, they are instead considered half-siblings.
Step Children
are the children of a lover that they have before (or sometimes while) dating the main character. While children of a lover are stated in their profile, they do not become step-children until marriage. If divorcing a spouse, the step-children will no longer be in your Relationships and will no longer be step-children. If a spouse dies, they will still be the main character's step-children. When a character has step-children, their order on the children list will be based on when they became step-children, regardless of whether they are older or younger than any biological children. If your character dies or you want to switch lives, your stepchildren can be a viable option just like biological children.
An example of a lover.
A
Lover
is the person who the main character is dating, engaged, or
married
to. You may only have one lover at a time but you could cheat on them with a hook-up and they could cheat on you. They will argue with you at times if you do something that harms the relationship, or could do it out of their own cattiness. Your character may either apologize or argue back to their lover. Lovers may argue with you for any of the following:
You cheated on them via a hook-up.
You accused them of cheating on you.
You had/fathered a baby with a hook-up or with an ex-lover.
You got off your birth control (Female only).
You refused to go on birth control (Female only) or you asked them to go on birth control and they refused.
You become/used a sperm donor.
You pursued a surrogate against their will.
You gave them an STD.
You tried to make them sign a prenup but they refused.
You tried to get them to have a threesome but they refused.
You proposed with a fake ring.
You lost too much money at the
casino
or at the horse races.
You gave away a lot of money to another family member.
You abandoned or put your child up for adoption.
They do not approve of your pet or exotic animal because they were scared of it.
You sold your pet or exotic animal.
You released your pet or exotic animal.
They were attacked by your pet/exotic animal.
You sold the house they had after marrying them.
You received a gift from an ex.
You gave a gift to an ex.
An ex filed a restraining order against you.
You gave them a gift they don't like.
You were fired from your
job
.
You were dishonorably discharged from the military.
While
famous,
you appeared nude or topless in a magazine cover.
You refused to give up your virginity to them.
Not using their surname for your child. (Female only)
You tried to make them go to relationship counseling but they refused.
You abdicated or got exiled from royalty.
Options
[
]
Birth Control (only if your partner is female)
- Your character will ask their partner to go on birth control or stop taking it. They may agree or refuse. You or your partner must be at least 14 years old to go on birth control.
Break Up/Divorce
- Your character will break up (if unmarried) or divorce (if married) with their partner. When divorcing, you will be told how much to pay or collect if you or your spouse owes money. Sometimes you may be told there is no amount to settle the divorce if you have a prenup signed or if you decide not to bother with a prenup because the partner refused to sign it.
"'Counseling Office"' - Your character will ask the partner to go to the counseling office. The partner may agree or refuse. The former choice is usually more affective than the latter and if the partner refuses to go, there is a chance you two may get into an argument.
Make Love
- Your character will make love with their partner. Otherwise, they may refuse. Sometimes, the female partner will get pregnant. This can be prevented with Birth Control. In Android, this option was previously called called
Baby
and its purpose was just to have a baby with the partner and had no minimum age requirement. It was replaced with making love in March 2020. In all countries, the minimum age for making love is 16. You cannot make love if you/your partner is 16 but you/your partner are not 16 yet. Following the November 2019 update, your partner may wish to save their virginity for marriage and you can decide can respect that, argue with them, propose to them, or decide that that is your wish too.
Propose
- Your character will propose to your partner. They may reject or accept the proposal. If accepted, you will be engaged. If rejected, your lover's relationship will go down. Otherwise, your character's partner might propose to you, with the option to accept or reject the proposal. Following the March 2020 update, partners may now propose with rings. Previously, there was a bug where you could buy a ring as young as 10 by clicking on "Go ring shopping first", but it was later fixed. Same-sex couples may get engaged in countries where same-sex marriage is illegal, but they may not marry.
Cancel Engagement
- Your character will call off their engagement with a partner. This may happen also if you try to make them sign a prenup but they refused.
Wedding
- Your character will plan their wedding with their partner. You must be engaged and at least 18 in order to get married (If you click the "Wedding" button if under 18, it will say "Eager beaver. You are not old enough to get married."). If you are in a same-sex relationship, you can marry your partner in countries where it is legal (If you attempt to do so where it is illegal it says "You are not allowed to marry your fiancé(e), (Name). Same-sex marriage is not permitted in (Country)."). When marrying, you can choose where to get married and where to go for your honeymoon. Before marrying, you may make your partner sign a prenup or not. They may agree or refuse. If they refuse, the relationship bar will lower.
"'Elope"' - Instead of a normal wedding, you and your partner can get eloped. The partner will most likely refuse but otherwise, you two will marry in secret. Getting eloped is also a good way to avoid wasting precious money on weddings and honeymoons if you’re just going to get divorced years later.
Renew Vows
- Your character may renew their wedding vows. This can be done only if you are married. The partner may agree, increasing their relationship, or refuse, lowering it.
Ask out
- Your character can ask out anyone at their school, workplace, or friends that they still keep in contact with. They may accept or refuse. Those from childhood school are more likely to break up with the character later on.
An example of the children.
Children
can be the main character's blood children or get adopted by the character (Step Children). They are ordered from the oldest to youngest living child. If a child is adopted, they will be ordered at the time they were adopted regardless of if they are older or younger than other children. If a female lover gets pregnant when cheating on you, and you are not the biological father, the baby will be shown as adopted. When they are babies, your character will give them a name and decide their last name (male partners may get angry if you are female and choose your own last name). For the first child, you can also choose whether to vaccinate them (presumably, this choice is applied to all children). If the child is male, you can also decide whether to circumcise them. Similar to the Kidnapping scenario of spouses and pets, there is a Choking scenario where a child is dangerously choking on food and your character may either call an ambulance, perform the Heimlich maneuver, or sit and watch. The correct choice is always randomized and choosing incorrectly results in that child dying. Sitting and watching will never save the child and will lower relationship bars with other relatives.
List of things children do when misbehaving
Steals your credit card to buy items
Sticks gum in someone else's hair
Pees on things in your house
Starts a food fight in your house
Sprays you with a garden hose
Abandoned Children
[
]
An abandoned child.
If a character abandons their children, they will lose connection to them and their grandchildren of that child. They will be unable to do any activity with them other than buying gifts without first pressing "Reconnect" and having that abandoned family member agree to reconnect with them. If an abandoned child or grandchild dies, your character will
not
be notified of their death and will only know that they are dead if they find that person in "Late Relatives". However the child must be at least 6 years old to reconnect.
The relationships between the main character and the abandoned children will be emptied, as so the player will need to put efforts in order for the bar to start rising up again. Abandoning one also causes the relationships between you and your lover to be emptied.
The "Exes" option.
An example of exes.
Exes
are as the name suggests, the previous characters that were dating/engaged in marriage with the main character. Flings (who the player character hooked up with but never had a relationship with) are also considered exes. As of 23th June 2019, characters may now interact with their exes: calling or texting them (with the standard options such as compliment), "txxxting" them (sending them an inappropriate image when texting) sending gifts, or stalking them (a warning will appear on-screen if the player tries to pick "Stalk"). A partner will be in the "Exes" tab when they either broke up/divorced or died, while a fling will be put in the "Exes" tab after the hookup. Characters the player hooks up with but has relations with outside of that (such as co-workers and friends) do not go in the "Exes" tab. When an ex dies, your character will not be notified but will know that the ex is dead by looking in the "Exes" tab. Deceased spouses, exes, and former flings will be at the bottom of the "Exes" tab.
Giving a lot of contact to exes can raise or lower their relationship depending on how the relationship ended and how they feel about you. Ex-flings are easier to please than ex-lovers, as they are less serious. Exes can file a restraining order if you bother them too much. Having a bad relationship with an ex can ruin a character's
happiness
.
Interacting with exes may have an effect on current significant others and they could get mad at you if you get too romantic with an ex. It could also have an effect on family if a character accidentally sends a "txxxt" to a family member instead of a lover.
Some actions require being over the age of consent (16 in all countries), such as calling and texting for a "booty call", sending a "txxxt" and stalking, as these are considered sexual actions like making love to current lovers.
An example of the grandchildren.
Grandchildren
are the children of the main character's children.
Friends
is a new feature in BitLife. Friends can be befriended from classmates, faculty, co-workers, or supervisors. During childhood, a child may also randomly offer to befriend you (even if you are in the Infant stage). They may be unfriended, become best friends, or become enemies (which will usually happen instead of an unfriend especially if the relationship is suddenly emptied, like hooking up with a friend's fling, or reporting a friend that admits to a bad action. Only one friend can be a best friend at a time. The changes of the statuses can happen as events, but the player can also offer to do them. If you become Best Friends with someone else, you will stop being Best Friends and be reduced to Friends with your original Best Friend, decreasing relationship in the process. If the player tries to become the best friend with someone and gets rejected, their relationship will lower by a little. Sometimes, when a military enlistee tries to befriend an officer and is rejected, their chain of command will reprimand the character for attempting to fraternize with an officer. This can also happen when an officer tries to befriend an enlistee. Students may get warned by their teachers if they try to befriend them but failed. Teachers/Officers/Supervisors with high professialism and/or low coolness are likely to reject the player even if they have very high relationship.
Options
[
]
Ask out
- Your character will ask out their friend. If your friend is under 18 and you are over 18 or vice versa, you cannot ask them out because of legal reasons. Asking out a friend will result in them becoming a lover.
Concert
- Your character will go to a concert with their friend, of a random, real musician. Your friend may refuse to go to the concert if their relationship level is low. Sometimes, the musician may not be currently alive. Non-Bitizens may have to watch an ad to go to a concert.
Hook Up
- Your character will hook up with their friend. Since the legal age of consent is 16 everywhere, you must be at least 16 to hook up. Hooking up is not allowed also if you are over 18 and your friend is under 18 or vice versa.
Party
- Your character will have a party with their friend. However, some parties could get your character addicted to alcohol. Your friend may refuse to party with you if the relationship is low.
Possible Parties
Journal
Attending an orgy with your friend and some of his/her saucy friends.
My friend and I rubbed elbows, amongst other things, with some of his/her wild friends.
Attending one of your friend's exclusive "Let's Play BitLife" parties.
I attended one of my best friend's exclusive "Let's Play BitLife" parties.
Attending your friend's family cookout
I went to my friend's family cookout
Doing keg stands at an epic rager
I impressed the entire crowd by doing a 30-second keg stand at an epic rager I attended with my friend.
Dressing in full cosplay with your friend to attend Comic-Con's Anime Dance Bash.
My friend and I went to Comic-Con's Anime Dance Bash dressed in cosplay from head-to-toe.
Eating scones and sipping Earl Gray with your friend at an afternoon tea party.
My friend and I got our dunk on with some scones and a cuppa at an afternoon tea party.
Enjoying charcuterie and oaky reds at a wine tasting party with your friend, and some of his/her sommelier friends
My friend and I enjoyed some charcuterie and oaky reds at a wine tasting event with some of his/her sommelier homies
Enjoying some libations at a cocktail party with your friend
My friend and I drank some mint juleps that tickled our fancy at an elegant cocktail party.
Forehead crushing juice boxes at your friend's birthday party
I forehead crushed juice boxes at my friend's birthday party.
Getting lit at the school book fair together.
I had a blast at the school book fair with my friend.
Getting the inside scoop on a listening party for the new album by Chance the Rapper.
My friend and I attended an exclusive listening party for the new album by Chance the Rapper.
Going clubbing and popping bottles with your friend
I went clubbing and popped bottles with my friend
Going dancing at a rave with your friend
My friend and I did some glow stick dancing when we partied all night at a rave
Going out for some good conversation and cocktails with your friend
I went out with my friend and enjoyed good conversation and strong cocktails
Going to a costume party with your friend dressed as a [character]
I had a blast dressing up as a [character] and going to a costume party with my friend.
Going to a holiday office party at your friend's work
I got hammered and embarrassed myself at my friend's work party after drinking six glasses of eggnog that someone secretly spiked.
Going to a home party with your friend, at which the host presented and sold makeup products
I felt obligated to buy a makeup product at a home party I attended with my friend, but I ended up purchasing three items because I loved them so much.
Going to a house party and playing beer pong with your friend
My friend and I owned the beer pong scene at a house party we attended.
Going to a New Year's Eve gala at a swank nightclub
My friend and I shared a midnight kiss when the clock struck midnight at a swank New Year's Eve event we attended.
Going to a pizza party at your friend's house
I crushed seven slices of pizza when I attended a pizza party at my friend's house.
Going to a raging tailgate party with your friend
My friend and I indulged in an abundance of meats and beers at an epic pre-game tailgate party.
Going to a shindig to celebrate his/her friend's divorce
My friend and I laughed, cried, and partied at a get-together celebrating his/her friend's freshly signed divorce papers.
Going to a toga party with your friend, and got your Greek on.
My friend and I got our Greek on at an awesome toga party.
Going to your friend's birthday bash to celebrate his/her existence
I went to my friend's birthday bash to celebrate his/her life.
Going to your friend's family holiday party and playing [console] games
I played [console] games at my friend's family holiday party.
Going to your friend's father's wedding reception.
I went to my friend's father's wedding reception.
Going wedding crashing with your friend
I went wedding crashing with my friend
Going with your friend to celebrate his/her cousin's kindergarten/high school/college graduation party.
I enjoyed some celebratory cake with my friend at his/her cousin's high school/college graduation party.
Hobnobbing with the elite at a black-tie event you attended.
My friend and I exchanged business cards with the elite at a black-tie event we attended
Making it rain at the strip club with your friend.
I created a shower of money at the strip club with my friend.
Playing spin the bottle/suck and blow with others at a house party.
I went to a house party with my friend, in which we all played spin the bottle/suck and blow.
Sipping Mai Tais and hula dancing at a luau with your friend
My friend and I got a taste of the aloha spirit when we got lei'd at a luau
Sipping martinis at a masquerade ball
My friend and I sipped dirty martinis and tangoed with masked strangers at a masquerade ball.
Wearing your favorite pajamas to a sleepover party at your friend's house.
I wore my favorite pajamas to a sleepover party at my friend's house.
Wearing your sexiest swimsuit for some fun in the sun at a pool party.
My best friend and I both got second-degree sunburns when we spent several scantily clad hours baking under the sun at a pool party.
Your friend hosted a crazy [Superhero] themed party at his/her house.
I attended my friend's [Superhero] themed party.
Rumor
- Your character will start a rumor about their friend, lowering relationship. The friend will sometimes assault your character or start a rumor about them back. You must be at least 12 years old to start a rumor.
List of Rumors
Your friend compulsively touches everything he/she sees with both hands.
Your friend drunkenly hooked up with [person] at a party once.
Your friend has [phobia].
Your friend has not just one, but many venereal diseases.
Your friend hates all genres of music and can't stand melodic tones.
Your friend is addicted to [substance].
Your friend is a foreign midget spy.
Your friend is incredibly turned on by [object].
Your friend is the Arabian prince that scammed hundreds of people out of their hard-earned cash.
Your friend is turned on by the mere sight of Hagrid the gamekeeper from Harry Potter.
Your friend makes out with a photo of [person] every time he/she uses the restroom.
Your friend's father sayid that he/she was the biggest mistake of his life.
Your friend's mother fed him/her like a bird for five/six/ten years.
Your friend's mother never loved him/her.
Your friend thinks [food] is disgusting.
Your friend won't let anyone see a picture of him/her without meticulously Photoshopping it first.
Prank
- Your character will play a prank on their friend. Sometimes your friend will appreciate your prank, sometimes they will insult you, and sometimes they will assault you. You must be at least 14 years old to prank. Friends can also prank you, and you can choose to laugh it off (appreciating the prank), insult them or assault them.
Possible Pranks
Anonymously gifting your friend a delicious, caramel-dunked onion.
Cutting out a cardboard silhouette of a [insect] and placing it on the inside of your friend's lamp shade.
Dressing up in a Ghostface costume and scaring your friend when he/she left his/her house late at night.
Giving your friend a plate of Oreo cookies, after replacing the sweet cream filling with toothpaste.
Giving your friend a plate of oatmeal raisin cookies and told them they were chocolate chip.
Hiding three of your friend's things, but telling him/her you hid four.
Licking the flavoring off all of your friend's [chips] and then put them back in the bag.
Pantsing your friend in front of his/her other friends.
Posting an advertisement online for free purebred golden retriever puppies and using your friend's name and phone number as the contact information.
Putting tacks in your friend's shoes.
Replacing the deodorant in your friend's deodorant stick with cream cheese.
Replacing your friend's family photos with a variety of different pictures of yourself.
Sending your friend a secret glitter bomb package that blew up in his/her face.
Setting [number] separate alarms on your friend's phone for a couple hours before he/she needs to wake up.
Signing your friend up for a subscription to "[Name]" magazine.
Stealing your friend's gargoyle from his/her lawn and placed it in your garden.
Toilet papering your friend's house.
Unfriend
Your character will unfriend their friend, removing their relationship. This is the only interaction available for characters under 3 years old. You may not unfriend any former friends who are now your Enemies.
Visit
- If your character and the friend are not in the same nation, they may travel to see them, along with anyone else living in the nation.
Watch YouTube
- Your character will watch YouTube with their friend, and are able to select the channel. After watching YouTube, the "Oh yeah" sound effect that plays when making love with someone also plays, for some reason. This sound will not play if your friend refuses to watch YouTube with you. Many YouTubers on the list have made BitLife videos.
List of YouTubers
Annika Osterlund
Aphmau
AyChristeneGames
AzzyLand
Bijuu Mike
Call Me Kevin
CaptainSauce
Carmen King
Clare Siobhan
Danny Jesden
DanTDM
Dariya Rain
Deligracy
Dois Marmotas
Drae
Drew Durnil
Fernanfloo
FlyGunCZ
funBABE
Gloom
HaleyJean ASMR
iamSanna
iHasCupquake
ItsFunneh
Jacksepticeye
Jelly
jennxpenn
Joey Graceffa
Jr e Mi
Kelsey Impicciche
Kwebbelkop
Kubz Scouts
Lavender Towne
LaurenzSide
LazarBeam
lonniedos
LubaTV
Lucas
MacNcheeseP1z
Markiplier
MattShea
MaxPalaro
MxR Plays
O Jean Luca
oompaville
Oyun Konsolu
PewDiePie
Plumbella
Razzbowski
Simplynessa15
SSSniperWolf
SSundee
T3ddy
Tanya Bregar
TheOrionSound
VanossGaming
Vixella
windy31
Yammy
ZaiLetsPlay
For some reason, asking for money, giving money, or going to the movie theater are not available as interactions with friends.
An example of nieces and nephews.'
Nieces & Nephews
are the children of siblings of the main character.
An example of pets.
Pets
are animals that are bought and taken care of in the main character house. They have a relationship with you but in a different way. Being there for your pet and helping them will give a good relationship. Sometimes pets will misbehave, and your character can yell at them, train them not to do what they did, do nothing, or reward their behavior. Pets may also attack you for going against them when misbehaving or trying to bathe them. Pets with high craziness or very sick pets will be harder to please. Sometimes, pets are owned by your family before or at birth. These are called "family pets". When a family pet dies, instead of saying "Your (pet), (Name), died at the age of (age)", it will say "The family (pet), (Name), died at the age of (age). However, it appears as "your (pet)" in the Late Relatives section. A pet that your parents offer to buy for you or that you ask them to buy is considered yours. If you continue as your child, your child does not keep your pet when using
Generations
regardless of the age of the child at the time of their parent's death. Following the February 2020 update,  if you are sent to an orphanage, pets will be seized by animal control and will never appear in the relationships tab even after you leave the orphanage.
If the player is not old enough, they will ask their parents to buy the pet for them instead of buying it themselves, making it free (similar to doctor visits). Your parents may also offer to buy you a specific pet. They may also offer to buy it for one of your siblings, although for some reason it is considered yours and you have the option to agree or disagree even though you are not the one they are buying it for.
Options
[
]
Bathe
- Your character will give a bath to their pet. It will show how much they appreciated it. Pets with low appreciation may attack you for doing this.
Release
- Your character will release their pet into the wild. Sometimes, a stranger will return your pet. You can choose to thank the stranger or have them keep it. If your pet is owned by your family before birth (the family pet), your parent will argue with you. Sometimes an older, twin or younger sibling may argue with you instead.
Ride (Horses and llamas only)
- Your character will go on a ride on their horse on llama.
Sell
- Your character will sell their pet. You cannot sell a pet if it is a family pet (owned before or at birth), since it does not belong to you.
Treat
- Your character will give a treat to their pet. It will show how much they appreciated it.
Veterinarian
- Your character will take their pet to the vet. The vet will say if your pet is suffering from any conditions. Some conditions are untreatable and will encourage you to euthanize your pet. If you refuse to euthanize a pet with rabies, you may get rabies yourself and get an achievement. You must be at least 12 years old to take a pet to the vet.
Walk
- Your character will take their pet on a walk. Your character must be at least 8 years old (instead of 6) for taking a walk.
Late Relatives
contains family members who passed away. It will state their name, relationship to character, age at death, and cause of death. If the character's
lover
dies and the character has many ex-lovers and ex-flings, the deceased lover will be in the Exes tab as a Late Ex. If spouses are kidnapped and not found, they will be presumed dead and show up as Late even though their status is unknown. Kidnapped spouses do not ever come back. If a character has abandoned their child and/or grandchildren (if any), they will not be notified if the estranged child or grandchild dies, but they will still show up in Late Relatives.
An example of late pets.
Late Pets
are previous pets of the main character that have died. It will state their name, type of pet, age at death, and cause of death. If pets are kidnapped and not found, they will be presumed dead and show up as Late even though their status is unknown. Kidnapped pets do not ever come back.
Contents
1
Options (all relationships excluding pets)
1.1
Compliment
1.2
Conversation
1.3
Gift
1.4
Insult
1.5
Spend Time
1.6
Assault
1.7
Options
2
Events related to Relationships (under removal)
Options (all relationships excluding pets)
[
]
This section is a work-in-progress.
Compliment
[
]
This is an option that the player can do where they say something nice about someone else to them. This boosts their relationship with each other. Besides this, there is a chance that if the player compliments someone, they will immediately compliment back (which increases happiness by 8%), with the tagline 'It's mutual', and another compliment will be chosen. This greatly boosts relationship. For child classmates, they are more likely to respond positively to compliments if the player's popularity is much higher than theirs.
If the player character is at a low relationship level with someone, they may ignore the player, decreasing their relationship further. This is more likely to happen for child classmates with much higher popularity than the main character, or coworkers with high professionalism. On the other hand, the child classmate or a coworker with low professionalism may insult the player character instead, decreasing relationship even further.
Complimenting a faculty member and failing may result in them warning you that it is inappropriate to do so. Complimenting a supervisor is considered sucking up to them and will result in a slight relationship decrease with all other coworkers (as long as they are not befriended).
Possible Compliments
A baller
A boss
A bubbly personality
A champion
A closer
A dark horse
A diamond in the rough
A fighter
A gem
A genius
A goddess
A good kid
A jewel
A legend
A mack
A mack daddy
A pimp
A pimp daddy
A player
A revolutionary
A smart cookie
A treasure
A winner
A wizard
A visionary
Adorable
Admirable
An alpha male/female
An eager beaver
An OG
Attractive
Beautiful
Brave
Bright
Brilliant
Charming
Chill
Clever
Cool
Courageous
Cute
Dapper
Dashing
Delightful
Dope
Elite
Fascinating
Fearless
Fine
Fresh
Funny
Golden
Good-looking
Gorgeous
Groovy
Hilarious
Hip
Humorous
Inspiring
Intelligent
Intriguing
Legit
Magnificent
Motivating
Neat
Nifty
One-of-a-kind
Perfect 10
Phenomenal
Put-together
Rad
Smart
Smooth
Sparkling
Spectacular
Stellar
Strong
Stunning
Stylish
Suave
Swell
Swole
Terrific
The bee's knees
The best
The boss of it all
The greatest
The life of the party
The man
The top dog
Unparalleled
Unrivaled
Wise
Wonderful
World-class
Conversation
[
]
A versatile option, this option is where two people decide to chat with each other. Some holiday-themed conversations are exclusive during certain holidays. This option slightly boosts relations. Two people can have a conversation by:
Discussing
Having a chat about
Having a conversation about
Having a heart-to-heart about
Talking about
If the character has
emigrated to
another country and the other person isn't there, they may do so with a form of technology such as:
Having a FaceTime conversation
Having a long-distance phone call
Having a phone conversation
Having a Skype conversation
Having a Skype video call
Having a video chat
Talking on the phone
Sometimes if the character and relationship do not agree on the conversation, they could get into an argument. The character can choose to apologise, agree to disagree/complain to mother (if siblings and the mother is still alive), insult them, or assault them (if they are in the same country). If the character chose to insult or assault the other person, their relationship will go down and the other person could insult or assault them as well. Even if the other person fought back as well, they could still call the police on your character. If they assaulted your character but your character didn't assault them, your character can
sue
their own family or lover over it, even if they did insult the other person first.
Additionally, if the player character has a very low relationship, the other person may just walk away when they try to start the conversation, decreasing relationship. This is more likely to occur for child classmates with higher popularity. Coworkers with high professionalism and low coolness will instead tell the player character to shut up (and get back to work, if it a supervisor). Even at higher relationships, a coworker with high professionalism may ask you to stop so that they can focus on their work.
Possible Conversations
Talking about Angelina Jolie's lips
Talking about autoerotic asphyxiation
Talking about Blake Lively's legs
Talking about cellular device addiction
Talking about cloning
Talking about crytocurrencies
Talking about Frida Kahlo's mustache
Talking about good versus evil
Talking about Harry Style's hair
Talking about how BitLife is the hottest game of 2019
Talking about how cannibalism is illegal in Idaho
Talking about how everyone needs to stay off of their damn lawn
Talking about how grammar nazis fail to understand the complex, dynamic nature of the English language, and how they can only see things from their elitist, ethnocentric point of view
Talking about how hoodlums are the bane of their existence
Talking about how it is illegal to steal someone's crawfish in Louisiana
Talking about how it's a felony to sell children in Florida
Talking about how it's illegal for a person with a venereal disease to get married in Nebraska
Talking about how it's illegal to be drunk on a cow in Scotland
Talking about how it's illegal to chew gum in Singapore
Talking about how it's illegal to dance to the Star Spangled Banner in Massachuettes
Talking about how it's illegal to drive a dirty car in Russia
Talking about how it's illegal to go commando in Thailand
Talking about how it's illegal to hike naked in Switzerland
Talking about how it's illegal to hold a fish suspiciously in the United Kingdom
Talking about how it's illegal to masturbate in Indonesia
Talking about how it's illegal to work or dance on Sundays in South Carolina
Talking about how it's illegal to wrestle a bear in Oklahoma
Talking about how it's possible to add custom people to BitLife
Talking about how 'literally' sometimes means 'figuratively'
Talking about how much they appreciate staying in on a Saturday night
Talking about how much they hate vegetables
Talking about how Pink Floyd is better than Led Zeppelin
Talking about how scary the toilet is when it gets flushed (Child only)
Talking about how some people still actually believe that OJ was innocent
Talking about how they want to get an iTunes gift card to use to become a Bitizen
Talking about how to deal with grammar nazis
Talking about how to deal with poor grammar
Talking about how to squeeze the toothpaste correctly
Talking about how yummy mommy's boobie is (Child only)
Talking about Hulk Hogan's 24-inch pythons
Talking about if it is better to wipe from the front or back
Talking about investment options
Talking about Jennifer Aniston's hair
Talking about masturbation
Talking about Nicki Minaj's trunk, and what kind of junk may or may not be within
Talking about necessary characteristics of a top notch crotch
Talking about quantum physics
Talking about respecting one's elders
Talking about Rihanna's legs
Talking about sloppy seconds experiences
Talking about taxation in Afghanistan
Talking about that one time at band camp
Talking about the average intelligence of people who enjoy watching Pawn Stars
Talking about the best Candywriter game
Talking about the best gift they ever received
Talking about the best ice cream flavor
Talking about the best movie they have seen so far this year
Talking about the best movie they saw so far this year
Talking about the best movie villain of all time
Talking about the best place to have sex
Talking about the best time of day to play BitLife
Talking about the best TV show of all time
Talking about the Big Bang theory
Talking about the celebrity they would most like to meet
Talking about the craziest natural disasters that they have experienced
Talking about the dark net
Talking about the handcuffs they found in mommy/daddy's drawer, and why they never get to play with them (Child only)
Talking about their bondage fantasies
Talking about their celebrity doppelgangers
Talking about their favorite food
Talking about their favorite movie character
Talking about their favorite twerkers
Talking about their go-to karaoke song
Talking about their greatest achievements
Talking about their imaginary friend
Talking about their least favorite chore
Talking about their least favorite word
Talking about their most embarrassing moments
Talking about their most prized possession
Talking about their spirit animals
Talking about the death penalty
Talking about the marble they stuck up his nose
Talking about the meaning of life
Talking about the miracle work of Bartholin glands
Talking about the pea they stuck up their nose
Talking about the pros and cons of social media
Talking about the pros and cons of tampons vs. sanitary pads
Talking about the pros and cons of technology
Talking about the size of Djibouti
Talking about the space-time continuum
Talking about the superficial, narcissistic nature of social media
Talking about the time they got turned on by a mannequin
Talking about the time they watched a stripper with a broken leg do a pole dance
Talking about the use of stem cell research
Talking about the value of Cooper's ligaments in a world with gravity
Talking about the weirdest food combinations
Talking about the weird sounds mommy makes at night (Child only)
Talking about the worst gift they ever received
Talking about what a perfect day would look like
Talking about what color they should dye their gray pubes
Talking about what is real
Talking about what is the right way to hang a toilet paper roll
Talking about what it means to be a good person
Talking about what it means to be good in bed
Talking about what the BitLife devs should add next
Talking about what they would do if they won the lottery
Talking about what they would do to their boyfriend/girlfriend if he/she ever hurts them
Talking about what time of day their social battery typically dies
Talking about whether or not a Adam Sandler is funny
Talking about whether or not a grown man should wear a jersey with another man's name on it
Talking about whether or not a hot dog qualifies as a sandwich
Talking about whether or not aliens exist
Talking about whether or not Burger King qualifies as real food
Talking about whether or not clowns are scary
Talking about whether or not DC is better than Marvel
Talking about whether or not Die Hard is a Christmas movie.
Talking about whether or not doctors are responsible for the heroin epidemic
Talking about whether or not dogs belong in restaurants
Talking about whether or not duck faces are sexy
Talking about whether or not frosting a muffin makes it a cupcake
Talking about whether or not ghosts exist
Talking about whether or not green flowers exist
Talking about whether or not humans are inherently good or bad
Talking about whether or not it's okay to pee while taking a shower
Talking about whether or not Japan deserves to host the next Summer Olympics
Talking about whether or not marijuana should be legalized on a national level
Talking about whether or not McDonald's qualifies as real food
Talking about whether or not pineapple belongs on pizza
Talking about whether or not Qatar deserves to host the next World Cup
Talking about whether or not Santa Claus is real
Talking about whether or not students should wear uniforms
Talking about whether or not Taco Bell qualifies as real food
Talking about whether or not the electoral college is necessary
Talking about whether or not the hokie pokie is what it's all about
Talking about whether or not they would get naked at a nude beach
Talking about whether or not they would rather be able to detect any lie they hear or get away with any lie they tell
Talking about whether or not they would rather have overly large hands or small feet
Talking about whether or not they would rather live on Marsss or the the bottom of the ocean
Talking about whether or not they would rather live without music or television
Talking about whether they would rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue
Talking about whether they would rather lose their hearing or vision
Talking about where babies come from
Talking about where the water goes when the toilet gets flushed
Talking about which animal they would like to be (Child only)
Talking about which instrument is the best
Talking about which is better, ebooks or paperbacks
Talking about which is better, Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter
Talking about which is better, pizza or cheeseburgers
Talking about which is better, Star Wars or Star Trek
Talking about which movie is the most overrated
Talking about which politician should be elected
Talking about which season is the best
Talking about which would be worse, having an annoying voice or snorting every time you laugh
Talking about who makes the best BitLife videos on YouTube
Talking about who is better, the Red Sox or Yankees
Talking about whose turn it is to do the dishes
Talking about who the best superhero is
Talking about who will be the next boxing champion
Talking about who will be the next UFC champion
Talking about who will win a championship at Wimbledon
Talking about who will win the Daytona 500
Talking about who will win the Indy 500
Talking about who will win the Kentucky Derby
Talking about who will win the Masters
Talking about who will win the Monaco Grand Prix
Talking about who will win the NBA Finals
Talking about who will win the Stanley Cup
Talking about who will win the Super Bowl
Talking about who will win the Tour de France
Talking about who will win the U.S. Open
Talking about who will win the World Cup
Talking about who will win the World Series
Talking about who would have won in a fight between Bill Gates and Steve Jobs
Talking about who would have won in a fight between Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson
Talking about who would win in a fight between Beyonce and Nicki Minaj
Talking about who would win in a fight between Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk
Talking about who would win in a fight between Taylor Swift and Adele
Talking about who would win in a fight between Steph Curry and Drake
Talking about who would win in a fight between Superman and Batman
Talking about why British people are so judgmental about American English
Talking about why cats are better than dogs
Talking about why daddy has so many balloons in his underwear drawer (Child only)
Talking about why dogs are better than cats
Talking about why Garth Brooks is better than Gwen Stefani
Talking about why he/she was mean to them in their dream
Talking about why mannequins often have erect nipples
Talking about why Messi is better than Ronaldo
Talking about why mommy has a plastic wee-wee in her underwear drawer (Child only)
Talking about why mommy keeps saying 'oh god' at night (Child only)
Talking about why needles are so scary
Talking about why only morons throw trash out the car window
Talking about why sometimes at night you can hear daddy asking mommy, 'Who's your daddy?' (Child only)
Talking about why the sky is blue
Gift
[
]
This option gives the player the ability to give a present to NPCs like relatives, friends, partners, classmates and co-workers. When this option is chosen, seven different gift ideas will appear. The player can select one of them and give the gift to the chosen person: their appreciation will show up after the gift is given. NPCs' appreciation is determined randomly most of the time, but the player can sometimes predict if a person will like a present (for example the majority of NPCs will dislike lewd or vulgar presents like used vibrators or penis enlargement pills, or even too cheap and plain presents like can openers or fake desk cactuses). If their appreciation is low, the relationship will lower and it may cause an argument with that character.
Attempting to give a gift to someone with low relationship may cause them to reject it even if it is something they would like. A failed attempt to give a gift to a coworker may cause them to complain to HR.
Possible gifts
18-piece knife set
50'000 piece puzzle
Altoids
Amazon Fire tablet
Amazon Fire TV stick
Anti-aging cream
Ashtray
Bamboo underwear
Bathroom scale
Beats headphones
Bidet toilet sit
Bitlife Bitizenship (this gift will always be appreciated by NPCs and if given to a lover they will instantly ask you to marry them)
Bitlife Boss Mode
Bitlife hoodie
Blocks
Bose Bluetooth speaker
Bottle of Burberry perfume
Bottle of champagne
Bottle of Cristal
Bottle of Dom Perignon
Bottle of rum
Bottle of scotch
Bottle of tequila
Bottle of Versace cologne
Bottle of vodka
Bottle of whiskey
Bottle of wine
Bouquet of chrysanthemus
Bouquet of tulips
Bouquet of wildflowers
Box of chocolates
Box of cockroaches
Box of Cuban cigars
Braun electric razor
Brookstone back massager
Broom
Bunch of pansies
Camping tent
Can opener
Canon binoculars
CBD oil
Char-Broil grill
Chia Pet
Clown nose
Coach sunglasses
Compression eye mask
Cooking apron
Cooling eye mask
Corkscrew
Craftsman screwdriver set
Craftsman jig saw
Crocs sandals
Cryotherapy session
Dartboard
Dead daisy
Dead Sea bath salts
Dell Chromebook laptop
DeWalt blower
Diamond earrings
DJI drone
Dozen red roses
Dyson vacuum
Earmuffs
Echo Dot
Electric blanket
Electric toothbrush
Electronic drum kit
Fabric steamer
Fake desktop cactus
Fitbit
Flask
Fly swatter
Foot hammock
Fossil watch
French press coffee maker
Fruit basket
Fuji instant camera
Garden gnome
George Foreman grill
Globe
Gold ring
Google Home Mini
Gym membership
Hair dye kit
Hair regrowth product
Hard Rock t-shirt
Harry Potter puzzle
Hitachi Magic Wand
Hot dog machine
Human skull
Instant Pot
Italian leather sofa
Jar of mouthwash
Jumanji DVD case
Jurassic Park DVD
Keurig coffee maker
Key chain
Kitten calendar
Knee pads
Levi's jean jacket
Lululemon tights
Lush bath set
Magnifying glass
Manicure set
Memory foam pillow
Michael Kors belt
Mini zen garden
Molekule air purifier
Monopoly game
Nalgene water bottle
Nest thermostat
Nintendo Switch
NordicTrack treadmill
Nose trimmer
NutriBullet blender
Odor-Eaters insoles
Oil diffuser
Omaha Steaks package
One-ply toilet paper
Onion goggles
Paddleboard
Pair of Wranglers
Patagonia jacket
Penis enlargement pills
Personalized bathrobe
Phone charger
Pill organizer
Pimple popping toy
Pool table
Popcorn machine
Portable movie projector
Puppy calendar
Rabbit's foot
Rainbow keychain
Rainbow t-shirt
Ralph Lauren wallet
Reading glasses
Rechargeable battery set
Revlon hair dryer
Ring video doorbell
Romba vacuum
Romance novel
Ryobi drill
Samsung smart TV
Scarf
Scendent candle
Schwinn bicycle
Self-help book
Sewing kit
ShamWow set
Shake Weight
Shape sorter
Shrunken head
Single carnation
Single red rose
SlimFast shake mix
Smart yoga mat
Snugger fit condoms
Soap dish
Soccer ball
Socks
Sonos One smart speakers
Spice kit
Squatty Potty
Stanley tool box
Star Wars onesie
Starbucks gift card
Stink bomb
Stress ball
Switchblade knife
Taxidermized deer
Teapot
Teeth whitening kit
Toothbrush
Two-piece pajama set
Vase of orchids
Visa gift card
Vitamix blender
White noise machine
Wilting sunflower
Wine decanter
Wool sweater
Wreath of assorted flowers
Wrinkle cream
Xbox One S
Yodeling pickle toy
Insult
[
]
This option is where the player character says something bad about another person, in sharp contrast to a compliment, thus decreasing the relationship level (and potentially causing them to insult them back or assault your character). People can also insult the player character at random, and the player can choose how they respond, by insulting them back, forgiving them, or assaulting them. There's also a chance where a relative can get insulted, and the player can choose how they react to the one who insulted them. There is a special
achievement
for being called "Skeezy".
Possible Insults
A 539
A bang hole
A bastard
A bedwetter
A birdbrain
A bitch
A biznatch
A biznitch
A blockhead
A bung hole
A buttface
A chickenhead
A chump
A cockalorum
A cocksucker
A coward
A cretin
A crow-toed slut
A cunt
A dickhead
A dimwit
A dillhole
A dingbat
A dingleberry
A dipstick
A dork
A douchebag
A douchelord
A douche canoe
A douche nozzle
A driggle-draggle
A dumbass
A dummy
A dunce
A fatass
A floozie
A freak
A gas factory
A goblin
A hag
A hoe
A hoebag
A hoochie
A jerk
A jumpoff
A knuckle dragger
A lamebrain
A lint licker
A loner
A loser
A maniac
A moron
A mouth-breather
A nerd
A nimrod
A penis face
A peon
A philistine
A pig
A pleb
A pumpkinhead
A punk
A pussy
A putz
A retard
A rumpleforeskin
A sausage jockey
A sausage shark
A scallywag
A schmuck
A shithole
A simpleton
A sleazeball
A sloot
A slut
A snake
A snollygoster
A sucker
A tart
A tool
A tramp
A triple-chin
A troublemaker
A turd burglar
A twat
A twit
A villain
A vulture
A wack-ass sucka
A wanker
A weasel
A wench
A weirdo
A whore
An abomination to mankind
An airhead
An ass clown
An ass face
An ass hat
An asshole
An idiot
An imbecile
An inbreeder
An ingrate
Awful
Bitchy
Brainless
Careless
Cheap
Daft
Douchey
Dumb
Evil
Fatty
Foolhardy
Mediocre at best
Mentally defective
Nasty
Numbnuts
Obtuse
Psycho
Putrid
Rancid
Ratchet
Retarded
Skank
Skeezy
Slutty
Smelly
Stinky
Stupid
Trashy
Troglodyte
Weak
Weaksauce
Spend Time
[
]
Probably one of the most used options in the list, spending time with relations is an easy way to boost relationship. The player can decide to spend time with one person, or invest time within all of them. If the player is not a
Bitizen,
they must watch an ad before they "Spend time with all". To spend time with all, the player’s character must be at least 12 years old. There is also a chance if your relationship is low, they will refuse to spend time with you. If in a good relationship, there is also a chance that someone may ask to go out with the player, and they can decide whether or not if they go with them. Some holiday-themed outings are exclusive during certain holidays.
The player cannot spend time with someone in another country. Spending time with a supervisor is considered sucking up to them and will decrease your relationship with other coworkers.
Possible Outings
Attending a goat yoga class
Attending a juggling class
Blowing bubbles
Bring donuts to the police station
Building a pillow fort
Building a sandcastle in a sandbox at the park
Catching butterflies
Challenging strangers to staring contests at the grocery store
Cleaning a local park
Cleaning up a local beach
Cleaning up a local highway
Climbing the neighbor's tree
Coloring a coloring book at a coffee shop
Dancing in the rain
Ding dong ditching the neighbors
Diving with sharks
Doing [Musician] karaoke
Doing a puzzle at the library
Doing caricature drawings of random people in a public place
Doing some gardening
Donating unwanted things to charity
Flying a drone
Flying a kite
Gambling
Getting cornrow braids
Getting facials
Getting foot massages
Getting frozen yogurt topped with [Topping]
Getting henna tattoos
Getting manicures
Getting pedicures
Going antiquing
Going axe throwing
Going basket weaving
Going bird watching
Going birdwatching
Going break dancing
Going bowling
Going bungee jumping
Going camping
Going canoeing
Going cliff-diving
Going crocheting
Going deep sea fishing
Going fishing
Going for a bike ride
Going for a hike
Going for a picnic
Going for a swim
Going for a tandem bike ride in the country
Going for a tandem bike ride in the hills
Going for a tandem bike ride in the mountains
Going for a walk
Going geocaching
Going golfing
Going horseback riding along the river
Going horseback riding in the country
Going horseback riding in the desert
Going horseback riding in the forest
Going horseback riding in the mountains
Going kayaking
Going longboarding
Going mountain climbing
Going paddle boarding
Going paragliding
Going parasailing
Going rollerblading
Going shopping
Going skiing
Going skydiving
Going snorkeling
Going snowboarding
Going stargazing
Going surfing
Going swimming
Going tire swinging
Going to an arcade
Going to an art museum
Going to an escape room
Going to an indoor trampoline park
Going to a bar
Going to a barbeque
Going to a baseball game
Going to a basketball game
Going to a boxing match
Going to a Buddhist temple
Going to a cafe
Going to a café to play cards
Going to a cake baking class
Going to a carnival
Going to a car show at the convention center
Going to a Catholic church
Going to a comic book store
Going to a comic book store to buy some multiverse comic books
Going to a concert
Going to a cosplay convention
Going to a cricket match
Going to a DIY workshop at a hardware store
Going to a film festival
Going to a food festival
Going to a football game
Going to a freestyle hip-hop battle
Going to a golf tournament
Going to a Hindu temple
Going to a hockey game
Going to a hot dog eating contest
Going to a Jewish synagogue
Going to a meditation class
Going to a Methodist church
Going to a Mormon church
Going to a motivational seminar
Going to a music festival
Going to a Muslim mosque
Going to a neighborhood block party
Going to a painting class
Going to a park to play backgammon
Going to a park to play checkers
Going to a park to play connect 4
Going to a pilates class
Going to a Presbyterian church
Going to a Protestant church
Going to a puppet-making seminar
Going to a record store to check out some vinyl
Going to a rodeo
Going to a rugby game
Going to a soccer match
Going to a Shinto shrine
Going to a tennis match
Going to a yoga class
Going to dinner
Going to dinner with his/her friends
Going to the amusement park
Going to the circus
Going to the country fair
Going to the DJ Snake concert
Going to the drive-in-movie theater
Going to the driving range
Going to the gym
Going to the J. Cole concert
Going to the Kayne West concert
Going to the library
Going to the Maroon 5 concert
Going to the movies
Going to the museum
Going to the New Kids On The Block concert
Going to the park
Going to the park to give peanut butter and jelly sandwiches to homeless people
Going to the park to see fountains.
Going to the Pitbull concert
Going to the Ricky Martin concert
Going to the Shakira concert
Going to the shooting range
Going to the symphony
Going to the water park
Going to the zoo
Going whale watching
Going white water rafting
Going yodeling
Graffitiing train cars
Having a bonfire at the beach
Having a random dance party in a public plaza
Having a snowball fight
Having a sword fight in public using [Item]
Having a water gun fight
Helping an elderly neighbor do some chores
Helping the neighbors move across town
Holding up signs outside the TV network studio
Jumping at a trampoline park
Learning origami at the community college
Listening to a [Genre] band
Listening to the local boy's choir perform [Choir]
Looking at cars for sale
Looking at homes for sale
Making and passing out balloon animals at the park
Making a safety evacuation map
Making a wish while throwing a coin in a fountain
Making flower arrangements
Making friendship bracelets
Making hand-painted T-shirts
Making homemade mini pizzas
Making peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for homeless people at the park
Parkouring hardcore
Participating in a neighborhood cleanup
People watching at Walmart
Performing in a flash mob at the [Place]
Picking [Fruits]
Planting a tree in a forest
Playing a board game
Playing bingo at the community center
Playing BitLife/Among Us
Playing BitLife together
Playing catch
Playing charades
Playing dominoes
Playing golf
Paying in the rain
Playing in the sprinklers at the local park
Playing laser tag
Playing paintball
Playing tennis
Playing the floor is lava
Playing video games
Posting BitLife screenshots on Instagram
Practicing sumo wrestling
Practicing with a yo-yo in the park
Raking leaves into piles and jump into them
Rapping at an open mic night
Reading poetry at an open mic night.
Relaxing while floating in a natural hot spring
Riding bumper cars
Riding the halfpipe at the skate park
Scaring random people by jumping out of the bushes at a local park
Scaring random people while pretending to be statues
Sending postcards to distant relatives
Shooting hoops
Shopping at a flea market
Singing [Musician] songs at karaoke night
Singing at an open mic night
Singing karaoke
Sledding
Spinning on chairs at a furniture store
Strolling around town
Taking a nap in a bed at a furniture store
Taking a self-defense class at the police station
Throwing paper planes off the bleachers at the local high school
Toilet papering the neighbor's house
Trolling people on the Internet
Trying archery
Tubing down the river
Volunteering at a pet shelter
Volunteering at a retirement community
Volunteering in a classroom at the local middle school
Watching [Musician] music videos
Watching [Planet] with a high-powered telescope
Watching a community play at a local theater
Watching a magic show at the community center
Watching a movie under the stars in the park
Watching a play
Watching a puppet show at the local library
Watching a random trial at the municipal court
Watching a rap battle contest
Watching a Rubik's cube tournament at the local university
Watching a spelling bee at the local elementary school
Watching a solar eclipse
Watching an eclipse with a high-powered telescope
Watching figure skating
Watching sumo wrestling
Watching toy unboxing videos
Watching Uranus with a high-powered telescope
Working in a community garden
Writing haikus
Writing poems
Assault
[
]
Assault is the option in which a character can physically attack a person and decrease relationship. When a character assaults, a popup feedback used to immediately say "You assaulted someone!" followed by 1-4 lines of "You [attack move] his/her [body part]". There is a chance that your character can kill someone by assaulting to which a new line says "He/She died from his/her injuries". Following an update, the game now lets you pick your first assault. When you are done, a popup feedback will say "You [attack move] his/her [body part]! Then you [attack move] his/her [body part] and/then [attack move] his/her body part!" and show the damage you dealt. Your character will kill someone if the Damage stat reaches 100%. Sometimes, a line will say "You went [famous fighter] on his/her body part!" (e.g. You went Bruce Lee on his forehead!)
Assault list to be completed soon
List of attack moves
Backhanded
Banged
Bashed
Beat
Bit
Blew Up (launchers only)
Bopped
Bruised
Burst
Busted
Cracked
Cut
Detached
Flattened
Fractured
Grazed
Hit
Impaled
Inverted
Jammed
Kicked
Lacerated
Lossened
Mangled
Pierced
Pinched
Poached
Poked
Popped
Pounded
Punched
Punctured
Ripped
Scrapped
Severed
Shot (guns only)
Slapped
Sliced
Smacked
Spanked
Squashed
Squeezed
Stabbed
Stamped
Streched
Trampled
Wallopped
Whacked
Whipped
List of body parts
Adam's Apple**
Anal Cavity
Ankle
Anus
Areola*
Arm
Armpit
Back
Belly Button
Booty
Brain
Breast*
Buttocks
Calf
Cheek
Chest
Chin
Clitoris*
Coccyx
Ear
Elbow
Eyeball
Eyebrow
Eyelid
Face
Finger
Fist
Foot
Forehead
Hair
Heel
Hip
Jugular
Knee
Kneecap
Knuckle
Larynx
Lips
Mouth
Nipple
Nose
Nostril
Ovaries*
Patella
Penis**
Rectum
Rump
Scalp
Scrotum**
Shin
Spleen
Spine
Stomach
Testicle**
Testicular Sack**
Toenail
Tooth
Torso
Vagina*
Waist
* indicates a female only body part
** indicates a male only body part
Sometimes they will attack you back with an object.
List of attack objects:
Assault Rifle
Automatic Rifle
Baton
Baseball Bat
Belt
Blowgun
Brass Knuckles
Cannister of Mace
Cannon
Coffee Mug
Crossbow
Crucifix
Dagger
Frying Pan
Grenade Launcher
Guided Missle
Hatchet
Hunting Knife
Ice Pick
Knife
Knuckleduster
Laser Blaster
Lightsaber
Machine Gun
Molotov
Musket
Pen
Some pepper spray
Prosteric Leg
Razor Blade
Revolver
Rolling Pin
Scissors
Scythe
Shotgun
Spear
Spiked Mace
Spoon
Switchblade
Sword
Options
[
]
Events related to Relationships (under removal)
[
]
Unfriended, in which the player can try to salvage the friendship, insult their friend or wish them well.
Breakups, which are pretty straightforward, easier to fight than divorces. It may also happen even the characters were at high relationship, espeically when the characters are young, such as those from childhood schools.
Divorces, only after marriage. They are harder to overcome, but they are more rare. If the character is in the prison, the insult and assault options are unavaliable.
Pregnancy, you can keep or abort a baby. In some
countries
abortion is illegal so even if you select it, the game will make you keep the baby, unless they
emigrate
to another country to get an abortion. Crazy significant others may overrule your decision as well, such as getting an abortion/forcing you to get an abortion when you selected to keep it and vice-versa, but lovers rarely force you to keep the baby. It is also possible but rare to get twins or triplets.
Miscarriage, which makes you lose a baby. It is also possible but rare to lose a baby via stillbirth.
Spending time, usually with your parents. You can choose to agree (equivalent to the spend time option), disagree or argue, lowering relationship.
Fighting over things, usually with siblings. Equivalent to the squabble option, but occurs without input. You can choose all the usual options that happen when fighting with relatives.
Disagreements, after a bad conversation. The player can apologize, agree to disagree, insult or assault the other person.
Illness, after a hookup, you might get infected with an STD. You may also infect your lover.
Deaths, your family may die at any moment, sometimes leaving you money if your relationship is decent.
Rumors, which can happen in your teen life, even at 12 years old, when you hear rumors about somebody liking you, or a random date option pops out. The first event has a higher chance of getting you a boyfriend or girlfriend.
Coming out of the closet, when a relative comes out either as gay or bisexual. If it is the player character's child, they can choose how to react. Otherwise, it is simply noted in the player character's journal.
Children misbehaving, giving the option to yell at them, ground them, have a talk with them, or do nothing.
Grown children asking your character to pay their college tuition, giving the option to agree to pay, disapprove of their major, or deny paying tuition. If the player cannot afford to pay, the relationship will be lowered as if the payment is refused directly.
Step-parents could become a part of your childhood and will be introduced when a parent remarries and they may have step-children who will be your step-siblings. If your character marries someone with children, the children will become step-children as long as you remain married to them. When your character divorce him/her, your stepchildren will no longer be in the relationships tab.
Spouses can be caught stealing money from you to use on themselves. They can also have threesomes with you, which could cause them to leave you for him/her. They can cheat on you, which could even lead to pregnancy with a baby who isn't yours. This usually happens when your lover has high craziness.
Your parents disapprove of your boyfriend/girlfriend.
Viriginity. Sometimes your girlfriend or boyfriend will ask you to make love with them, in which you can choose to do it, refuse to do it, reject politely or ask them to wait (which may lead to them unable to understand and lower relationship). When you try to make love with them, they might also express that they want to save viriginity until marriage. Respecting them on this will significantally boost relationship.
Friends with high craziness may ask you to try drugs with them. You can agree (which can potentially get you addicted), make an excuse (resulting in a slight decrease but no real harm in relationship), or outright decline (decreasing relationship).
Sometimes a friend will ask to become best friend with you. If this is agreed and the player has already got a best friend, their relationship will lower a bit as they change status
There is a rare but possible chance that your friends will become enemies with you, regardless of your relationship with them. In addition, friends with high craziness bar increases the likelihood of becoming enemies with you, no matter what you do. It may also happen instead of directly unfriending if your relationship is empty or low (though this can also happen if your relationship with them is high).
Exes can kill the player if they constantly stalk them.
