Brittany Lucchese
(October 23, 1955 - July 9, 2021), better known by her stage name
Britty LuLu
, was an American country singer-songwriter. She began her career straight out of high school and rose to prominence in the mid 1970s. Britty LuLu is regarded as one of the greatest country singers of all time. Growing up during times of racism, global conflict, and other significant moments in history, LuLu made many folk and pop culture songs, heavily influenced by the style of Bob Dylan.
Early life and career
[
]
Brittany was born in Nashville, Tennessee to travel agent Ella Morrison (1921 - 2000) and firefighter Elmer Lucchese (1914 - 1995). Her father was also a World War II veteran who used his profession as a fireman in combat. During her childhood, she experienced many historical events of the 1950s and 1960s, including Civil Rights Movement organizations, protests against American involvement in the Vietnam War, the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, and Martin Luther King Jr., the Space Race, tensions between the United States and Soviet Union, the moon landings, and many more.
Brittany was an avid singer throughout her childhood. Having started taking voice lessons at the age of eight, she performed in various musical groups in school and would even participate in musical theater. After graduating from high school in 1973, she auditioned as a country singer at her local record label. After a successful audition, she signed her first contract as a country singer. Luckily, she did not have to worry about being drafted, because American involvement in the Vietnam War had been called off by President Nixon.
Personal life and death
[
]
In 1975, Brittney met Warren Tickle (born 1954) a college student studying information systems. After several weeks (or months) of dating, they married. Warren graduated two years later and began his career as a pilot for Thomas Airways. Brittney and Warren had five children and two grandchildren together. Tickle was also a participant in the anti-Vietnam protests; he dodged the draft and never served.
In early 2021, Lucchese was diagnosed with arthritis. In early July, when Western medicine wouldn't help her, she visited a witch doctor, who offered her toad. After taking toad, Lucchese stated that she felt fine, but after July 4, began to feel uneasy. On the morning of July 9, Warren found Brittney unresponsive laying in their bedroom. She was taken to the hospital, where she was eventually pronounced dead at the age of 65.
At the time of her death, Lucchese had a net worth of almost $600 million. She is survived by her five children and grandchildren. Her children each inherited about $120 million.
"A diligent young lady, Brittney's dedication paid off when she became a country singer. Seaman Automotive sent a Boque of flowers to her funeral."
Since Brittney's death, the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department has been investigating the possibility that she had been murdered. While the identity and whereabouts of the witch doctor that gave Brittney the toad are currently unknown, many known witch doctors have been either arrested or simply labeled as persons of interest.
