Alonzo Collins
Early Life
Talent
Music
Sex
Male
Birthplace
Pittsburgh, United States
Education
LIttle Wang Elementary School (Private School, Age 5-8, cut short by Juvenile)
Chen-Gulch Elementary School (Public School, Age 9-11)Rover Middle School (Public School, Age 11-14)St Viviane's High School (Public School, Age 14-18)
Relationships
Mother
Betty Simms (Nee Collins)
Father
Dean Simms (Stepfather, Marry in)
Timeline of Alonzo's Life
[
]
Age 0: Alonzo is born a male on September 4th. He came into the world through artificial insemination in Pittsburgh, United States. His single mother was impregnated by a sperm load that was anonymously donated to a fertility clinic.
Age 1: Betty, Alonzo's Mother, married Dean Simms, a 32 year old Makeup Artist. He isn't kind and Alonzo didn't like Dean at all. Betty changed her name to Betty Simms. At this age, Alonzo starts to suffer from a Middle Ear Infection.
Age 3: Alonzo remained calm when Betty took him to the Doctor's Office to get Vaccinated.
Age 4: Alonzo identified as Cisgender. He made an appointment to Dr. Cummings. He said that Alonzo was not suffering from any conditions.
Age 5: Alonzo is enrolled in elementary school at Little Wang Elementary School, a private school. A video went viral of Alonzo sitting in his car seat playing air drums in perfect timing with Dave Grohl's drumming on "No One Knows".
Age 6: Canada denounces the Philippines on account of fraud and corruption. Alonzo's mother wants him to start taking Trumpet Lessons. He took trumpet lessons, but isn't that good at it. Betty also buys Alonzo a new raw brass Trumpet.
Age 7: A new wave of economic sanctions imposed by Canada force the Philippines to retaliate with military force. Alonzo asks his Mother if he can take Keyboard Lessons. She agrees, but Alonzo still isn't good at it. Then he remembers from the viral video, that he is good at Drums. He asks to take Drum Lessons and Betty agrees. Alonzo is a lot better at the Drums. Alonzo hopes to persue Drumming as his career, but that may change.
Age 8: Alonzo was bullied by his classmate, Gaylord. Alonzo yanked the bully's groin, and convicted of assault and sentenced to a year at Pittsburgh Juvenile Detention Center. He was forced to drop out of Elementary School.
Age 9: Alonzo was freed from Juvenile and enrolled to a different school: Chen-Gulch Elementary School, a Public School.
Age 10: Margie Chen, a Classmate of Alonzo's, asked Alonzo out for a date, but Alonzo rejected her.
Age 11: Alonzo started Middle School at Rover Middle School, a Public School. He went to a Food Festival with her Mother.
Age 12: Alonzo decided not to go to the School Dance.
Age 13: Betty, Alonzo's Mother, wanted Alonzo to start taking Modelling Lessons. He did, but was terrible at it.
Age 14: Alonzo started high school at St. Viviane's High School. He decided to see what extracurricular activity were available at his new High School. He joined the Audio-Visual Club at his High School.
Age 15: A new rebel government uprising in the Philippines brings an end to the 9-year war with Canada. The death toll from the war reached 3, 529 people with an additional 8,291 injured. Alonzo played the drums for his school band. He banged the gong too.
Age 16: An astronaut in space has spotted and photographed a galactic bulge, much to the chagrin of his fellow astronauts. The sponsor of the Audio-Visual Club at Alonzo's High School asked him to become Treasurer of the Club. He turned down the Opportunity. Alonzo passed his driving test and got a license.
Age 17: Alonzo turned down the opportunity to become president of the Audio-Visual Club. A notebook came into Alonzo's possession.
Family
[
]
When Alonzo was born, he was born without a Father.
Her name is Betty Collins. She is 30 years old upon birth. Betty works as an Insurance Agent.
