Hannah
(2010 - 2025) was an American mutt who started her life as a stray before being domesticated for the rest of her life.
Life
[
]
Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, Hannah was the result of her mother playing with her father's "special rope toy" in a secluded suburban area. She started her life as a stray on Capricorn Place; the coincidence of her being born on or near a place with that name suggests her specific birthday was anywhere between December 22 and January 19. Hannah shared Capricorn with a chimpanzee named Athena, two cats, named Pedro and Rocky, and five other dogs, including three fellow mutts named 50 Scent, (named after the rapper 50 Cent by his previous owner), Sam and Green, a whippet named Woofgang, and a Cavalier King Charles spaniel named Nitro.
Throughout her puppyhood, Hannah embedded herself as a loyal member of her pack on Capricorn Place. She socialized well with the cats, Athena the chimp, and her five fellow dogs. At six months old, she taught herself some dancing skills that she had discovered through watching human dancers. Although she struggled health-wise, Hannah had good company in her friends. In 2011, shortly after turning a year old, she made the peculiar decision to mate with Pedro, even though he was a cat, and she was a dog. Hannah would come to regret this, as she would become infected with rabies, which Pedro also had, and she would carry them for the rest of her life. Shortly afterwards, Hannah wandered off to explore life outside Capricorn Place, eventually stumbling upon the city's animal shelter, where she was immediately taken in.
While she didn't get along well with the shelter employees, Hannah found more friends in the other animals who were also being held there. As she waited for someone to come along and adopt her, she kept practicing her dance moves and made the most of her connections with the other dogs. In 2012, Hannah came close to being adopted by Lily Hamilton, an Army enlistee, but she rejected her. Nine months later, she got a second chance with William "Willy" Willikers (born 1992), a freshman at the University of New Orleans and descendant of businessman
Dan Willikers
. Hannah showed Willy her twerking skills, which charmed him right then and there, and he adopted her, taking her to his home at 295 Tangerine Avenue, shared with two other pets, Juju the carpet python snake and Bentley the mutt. Willikers eventually graduated UNO in 2014 with a bachelor's in journalism and got a job as a wedding planner for The Pratt Group, though he also works as a journalist on the side to make use of his degree.
Hannah and Willy's relationship got off to a good start in their first few months or so together. Initially, the same couldn't be said about Willy's other dog, Bentley, who started showing hostility towards Hannah when she tried to mate with him. Even when she tried cuddling with him when she turned three, he would still snarl, bark, or sometimes even attack her. In March 2013, a burglar, later identified as Tommy Lee Chen, broke into the Willikers ranch. Hannah caught Chen, who tried to stab her with some scissors, and she chomped his throat, but it wasn't enough to stop him from getting away with a tin in cat food and $78 in cash. Chen was later arrested and charged with the crime and most of the items were returned. However, he had contracted rabies from Hannah's bite, and legend has it that he died from them before he could stand trial.
In June 2013, Hannah and Bentley finally seemed to start getting along when Willy found her groveling in front of his paws. In September, Hannah went into heat and released a decent number of pheromones. Bentley, now attracted to Hannah, decided to mate with her, and she excitedly accepted him. Their first litter of puppies were born in 2014 as triplets, which they named Trisha, Duchess, and Tiger. Willy sold Tiger in March at a local farmer's market for $135. In that same year, Bentley began suffering from Lyme disease. Despite Hannah's best efforts to make him feel better about his condition, Bentley still refused to see her as a friend. He mated with her again in 2015, resulting in the birth of her second litter of triplets, Farah, Baby, and Isabelle. Baby died in childbirth, and Isabelle was given to a breeder in June.
The Willikers family grew bigger in 2016 when Willy married private investigator Asia Cocker (born 1985). Hannah tried to warm up to her, but to no avail, as Cocker turned out to be rather harsh and did not seem to care for animals as much as Willy did. Even when she was suffering from depression, she would still reject Hannah's kindness, much like how Bentley rejected her friendship. Juju passed away in 2017 when a friend accidently sat on her. In March of that year, two of Hannah's offspring, Trisha and Farah, got into a fight, with the former biting the latter's lip. Hannah did not intervene, because she did not want to get on either of their bad sides. The same principle applied in any future fights her offspring had with each other.
In September 2017, Duchess died from complications associated with distemper. One of Hannah's ways of coping with the loss was by eating from Cocker's bag of strawberry gummies, which she viewed as retribution for the abuse she took from her. In 2018, Asia shone a flashlight in Hannah's eyes, nearly blinding her. Hannah twerked at her to get her own back. In June, Willy took her to the vet, where she was diagnosed not only with her preexisting rabies, but also skin cancer. Willikers, fearing for Hannah's health, paid over $1.5 thousand dollars for her treatment. Shortly afterwards, Bentley mated with Hannah again, and their third set of triplets were born in September, named Maya, Elijah, and Demarco. Maya was given away at a local fair to a nail technician.
Hannah and Bentley mated once more in September of 2019, and her final litter of puppies was born in 2020. Their names were Wilson, Cali, and Berlin. Like Baby, Wilson died shortly after being born. Willy gave Berlin to a breeder in March, around the time the COVID-19 pandemic had spread around the world. In June, Hannah developed arthritis. When treated by the vet, she still continued to suffer from rabies and cancer, but they managed to cure the arthritis. In September, Willy sold Cali to a dog breeder for $125. There was a point in March 2021 when Hannah had the idea of running away from home upon seeing that Asia had left the door wide open. After much consideration, however, she decided that she was happy with her loving family life at the Willikers-Cocker residence.
In 2022, Hannah developed hookworms, which were able to be cured as quickly as possible. In March, she disciplined Demarco and Elijah when they got into a fight together, with the former headbutting the latter's stomach. The rest of that year passed without much incident. In March 2023, Hannah developed arthritis again but was quickly cured of it a second time in a row. In June 2024, Bentley died from old age. Hannah was saddened by the loss, as was most of the family, so she cheered them up with her loving antics, except for Asia, who was still salty towards her.
Hannah's health continued to gradually decline in 2025. While her cancer seemed to go away, the same couldn't be said about her rabies. One day, Willy took her to the vet, where it was announced that she was going to be euthanized. Hannah spent her final moments showing love to Willy, who happily acknowledged all they had been through. After she was put down, she had a special funeral service in a nearby park, with 145 mourners in attendance.
Footnotes
[
]
Played life on February 1, 2025,
Obtained "Omega" ribbon.
She was originally named Cardi, and her name was changed to Hannah by Willikers, but since there's already a character with a similar background,
Nova
, we'll probably just pretend that Hannah was her birth name.
