Thomas Morin
, born on
March 28, 1968
,
in Bordeaux
,
France
, originally named
Hanine Chahid
, lived a life marked by relentless violence and infamy. His mother,
Thais Chevalier
, was
20 years old
at the time of his birth, and his father,
Nolan Chahid
, was
44
. He had one sister,
Yasmine
, who would tragically become one of
his earliest victims
.
At just
8
years old, Thomas began learning
Taekwondo
, not for sport or discipline but with a singular, sinister goal:
to kill everyone in his family
. After earning his black belt, he acted on his dark intentions, murdering his 10-year-old sister, Yasmine. Despite his crime, no one suspected him, and
he even attended her funeral
without raising suspicion.
Following this, Thomas turned to theft, targeting expensive items in stores. His crimes escalated when he encountered a police officer who tried to stop him.
Thomas killed the officer
and continued stealing until he was caught again. During his second encounter with the police, he murdered another officer before being arrested and sent to prison.
His time in prison only amplified his violence. Thomas targeted fellow inmates, killing many, most of whom were young and defenseless. Over time, his actions made him infamous even among hardened criminals. He managed to escape multiple times, causing chaos and committing further murders before being recaptured. Each time he returned to his cell, he resumed his killing spree, eliminating anyone who crossed his path. By the time he was 9 years old, his parents had another child,
Alexander
. Thomas vowed to kill his baby brother as quickly as possible.
On his 14th birthday, Thomas fulfilled this grim promise, murdering his parents and his younger brother in cold blood. He continued his string of killings, earning a reputation as
one of the most dangerous individuals of his time
. Unlike many others, he never joined a gang, preferring to act alone. His refusal to associate with others and his violent nature only increased the fear and isolation surrounding him.
Hanine eventually changed his name to a more French-sounding identity, becoming "Thomas Morin," and escaped prison for good, relocating to Algeria. There, he continued his deadly spree, killing everyone in his cell during his final incarceration. This act of mass murder provoked the ire of a local gang, the "Bizeps Banditen." One of the gang's members had lost a loved one to Thomas's violence, and on September 12, 2004, at the age of 36, Thomas was killed by the gang while in a prison in Oran, Algeria.
Thomas left behind a dark and violent legacy. Over his lifetime, he murdered five police officers and countless others, including approximately 217 individuals, many of whom were young inmates. He fathered six sons with seven different partners, killing six of his lovers. He also murdered his eldest child, a daughter, one year before his own death. His funeral was attended by no one, a reflection of the destruction and isolation he brought upon himself and others.
This image is the only one we have of him, he was only 8
