Jackson Walker Shrub
(1888 - 1962) was an American author and the father of lawyer-politician
Henry Shrub
. He wrote many stories of both fiction and of his life experiences, especially those of his family.
Life and career
[
]
Jackie was born in Connecticut to prominent parents of multiple professions, including farming, literature, and others. He was active during his youth, coming up with fascinating stories based on his experiences of living through the late 19th century and into the 20th century. It was through these experiences that inspired Shrub to become a professional writer.
In April of 1906, Shrub was invited on a weeklong senior high school trip to San Fransisco. He politely declined the invitation, opting to study for his finals. A few days later, on April 18, the coastline was struck by a major earthquake that killed 3,000 people, including a few of Shrub's classmates. Shrub later stated that he was glad that he stood by his decision to not go on the trip, saying he "really dodged a bullet."
After writing many stories during his boyhood and teens, Shrub had his first novel published by his early-to-mid-20s. He allegedly accepted being drafted to serve in World War I in April of 1917, but any records of his service in any of the branches at the time are either non-existent or lost.
...
Shrub retired from writing professionally in 1954. His retirement party took place on Henry's 10th birthday so that both occasions could be celebrated simultaneously. In the last years of his life, he would continue writing as a hobby.
Personal life and death
[
]
During the Great Depression, Shrub met a pornographic actress named
Hannah Darcy
. Darcy offered to go out with him if he agreed to be in one of her films with her and then write about their experience. Jackie accepted her offer, and they started dating soon after. They eventually got married between the end of the Depression and the breakout of the Second World War. Shrub and Darcy's son, Henry, was born in 1944. Seven years later, due to irreconcilable differences and other similar factors, Jackie and Hannah divorced in 1951. Hannah remarried to university professor
Jim Bob Butler
in 1953. Jackie, on the other hand, never remarried, having felt betrayed by his divorce, though he would still go on dates with other women until his death.
In 1962, shortly after Henry graduated from high school, Shrub suffered a stroke and died at the age of 74. Henry inherited his fotune of $700,800. Hannah would follow not too long later after overdosing on cocaine. He is survived by his grandchildren,
Grayson
,
Julia
, and
Martha
, and his daughter-in-law,
Emma Smith
.
Bibliography
[
]
