Carlton Roosevelt VI
(2254-after 2296) is an American cameraman and former baker.
Early life (2254-2272)
[
]
Roosevelt was born in Los Angeles, California. He was the 108th of 146 children born to
Carlton Roosevelt IV
and the fourth of 16 born to his 17th girlfriend Margot Gutierrez.
In 2268, Roosevelt enrolled at Atlantic High School.
Career (2272-2296)
[
]
In 2272, Roosevelt was briefly a baker for Doom and Sons before becoming an apprentice cameraman for Cadence Broadcasting Service.
In 2276, Roosevelt was promoted to cameraman.
Roosevelt outlived his son, but his death date is unknown.
Relationships and children
[
]
Roosevelt has had 164 lovers and 246 children:
Roosevelt has four children, including
Carlton Roosevelt VII
, with Ally Cocker.
In 2272, Roosevelt seduced five of his co-workers, Gordon Bruno-Weed, Ramona Park, José Grinch, Cherish Weed, and Angelica von Stroke.
Roosevelt has three children with Weed.
Roosevelt has four children with von Stroke.
Roosevelt has four children with Latoya Basio.
Roosevelt has a son with Lillian McDonald.
Roosevelt has two children with Veronika Kovacs.
Roosevelt has a son with Lauren McDonagh.
Roosevelt has twin daughters with Lauren Goodhead.
Roosevelt has three children with Desiree Juarez.
Roosevelt has four children with Kaelynn Doom.
Roosevelt has three children with Bara Blazek.
Roosevelt has a son with Penelope Vazquez.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Luna Morrison.
Roosevelt has a son with Tozhan Sadvackasowa.
Roosevelt has a son with Ines Montero.
Roosevelt has four children with Elikapeka Solaita.
Roosevelt has five children with Jessalyn Walker.
Roosevelt has two sons with Kim Yang.
Roosevelt has two children with Betty Taffe.
Roosevelt has three children with Alexa Stevens.
Roosevelt has two children with Viktoriya Tutko.
Roosevelt has three children with Adeele Karu.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Jennifer Goodhead.
Roosevelt has two sons with Scarlett Sanders.
Roosevelt has two children with Susana Serrano.
Roosevelt has five children with Robin Nolan.
Roosevelt has two sons with Rachel Phillips.
Roosevelt has three children with Maddie Copeland.
Roosevelt has four children with Tara Fuentes.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Lillian Woodward.
Roosevelt has two children with Iris Lu.
Roosevelt has two children with Amanda Gasser.
Roosevelt has four children with Skylar Walsh.
Roosevelt has two sons with Jamila Harris.
Roosevelt has three children with Morgan Scott.
Roosevelt has a son with Kristen Rodriguez.
Roosevelt has two sons with Nicole O’Connor.
Roosevelt has three sons with Vivien Nagy.
Roosevelt has three children with Maya Luna.
Roosevelt has two sons with Hailey Kent.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Angelica Willikers.
Roosevelt has three children with Jen Lucchese-Cash.
Roosevelt has three children with Sandra Reynolds-James.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Scarlett Vega.
Roosevelt has a son with Breanna Bishop.
Roosevelt has six children with Lily Goldstein.
Roosevelt has two children with Lizbeth Madrigal.
Roosevelt has a son with Camille Smith.
Roosevelt has a son with Shaniqua de Vil.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Maya Fitzgerald.
Roosevelt has three sons with Mavis Rogers.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Anna Bradford.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Joy McWeeny.
Roosevelt has a son with Adisa Hailemariam.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Oprah Taylor-Romano.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Ellie O’Donnell.
Roosevelt has two sons with Wendy Blanchard.
Roosevelt has two sons with Tasty Banner.
Roosevelt has a son with Brittany Carver.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Anita Glasscock.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Genevieve Butterfield.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Shaniqua Browser.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Bobbie Sue Pound.
Roosevelt has a son with Samantha Willikers.
Roosevelt has a son with Andrea Mendez.
Roosevelt has two daughters with Carrie Littlewood.
Roosevelt has two children with Mary Cyrus-Juárez.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Aretha Murphy.
Roosevelt has two children with Kaylee Beaver-Green.
Roosevelt has a son with Lauren Wigglesworth.
Roosevelt has a son with Oprah Rogers.
Roosevelt has a son with Susan Tickle.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Aadya Kapoor.
Roosevelt has a son with Ashley Seaman.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Carly Romo.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Desiree Perry.
Roosevelt has a son with Mercedes Carballo.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Autumn Burger.
Roosevelt has a son with Bailey Bigg.
Roosevelt has a son with Carson Ruiz.
Roosevelt has a son with Olivia Aguilar.
Roosevelt has a son with Elektra Castro.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Emily Mountjoy.
Roosevelt has a son with Moldir Esimov.
Roosevelt has a son with Rita Herron.
Roosevelt has a son with Camille Gallo.
Roosevelt has a son with Naimah Merabet.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Gabrielle Gay.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Shauna Castro.
Roosevelt has twin sons with Amy Geller.
Roosevelt has a son with Jennifer Woodward.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Sook Ryo Seung.
Roosevelt has a son with Deja Cross.
Roosevelt has a son with Rebel Reyes.
Roosevelt has a son with Ernawati Chin.
Roosevelt has a son with Katie Goldstein.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Dalila Momani.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Ellie O’Malley.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Ramona Schitt.
Roosevelt has a son with Tina Gobble.
Roosevelt has a son with Cheyenne Durant.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Kelly Stewart.
Roosevelt has a son with Kiera Grande.
Roosevelt has a son with Nora Holyfield.
Roosevelt has a son with Aretha Marino.
Roosevelt has a son with Vivienne Vazquez.
Roosevelt has a son with Kiana Taylor.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Anita Carter.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Keisha Castillo.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Sabrina Crunk.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Virginia Cunningham.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Kelly Flores.
Roosevelt has a son with Kayla Sweat.
Roosevelt has a son with Diana Fuentes.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Daisy Plunkett.
Roosevelt has a son with Sophie Christ.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Zelda Grande.
Roosevelt has a son with Zoe Martinez.
Roosevelt has a son with Mel Wright.
Roosevelt has a son with Penelope Cockwallace.
Roosevelt has twin daughters with Amber Lugo.
Roosevelt has a son with Louane Pasteur.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Ronda Genovese.
Roosevelt has a son with Genesis Trump.
Roosevelt has a son with Amber Hunter.
Roosevelt has a son with Kristen Schlitz.
Roosevelt has a son with Darlene Feingold.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Lorena Lacasa.
Roosevelt has a son with Esther Peterson.
Roosevelt has a son with Aisha Bush.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Betty Turner.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Jamila Goodhead.
Roosevelt has a son with Latoya Lester.
Roosevelt has a son with Betty Wigglesworth.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Amaya Baker.
Roosevelt has a son with Angelica Zhang.
Roosevelt has a son with Tara Colon.
Roosevelt has a son with Mariah Williamson.
Roosevelt has a son with Heitiare Iereima.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Scarlett Hamilton.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Katherine Kardashian.
Roosevelt has a son with Layla Cummer.
Roosevelt has a son with Isabella Bautista.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Abigail Hanks.
Roosevelt has a son with Betty Lord.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Margot Lord.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Claire Schlitz.
Roosevelt has a son with Cruella Sack-Sato.
Roosevelt has a son with Desiree Espinoza.
Roosevelt has a daughter with Harper Sweat.
Roosevelt has eight children born to commercial surrogates, with no partner at the time of their birth.
