The
al-Assad
family is a prominent family that gained recognition when their patriarch,
Yousef al-Assad
, was killed by a police cop in Syria, only aged 25. They gained more prominence after Yousef's eldest son, Aland, became a professional soccer player. Currently, they are a family that specializes in a little bit of everything - especially politics.
Origins
[
]
Yousef al-Assad, the patriach of the family, was born on February 20, 1952. Government records say that Amira al-Assad, a real estate agent, adopted the young Yousef after his birth mother surrendered him. Yousef grew up in a rough enviornment, he wasn't close with his stepfather nor stepsiblings except his stepsister named Fidan. Unfortunately, two years later, Fidan died of a mortar strike in her neighborhood. Grief-stricken, Yousef gained the ideology that he had to survive at any costs: even if it meant doing horrible things. When he graduated from Unviersity, he married Marla al-Assad and consequently joined the Italian Mafia to serve under them. During their marriage, Yousef and Marla had 8 children. In 1977, Yousef tried to rob a Louis Vuitton handbag when a mall cop stopped him. Using his skill of martial arts (which he learned while in the mafia), he greatly injured the cop. The cop fired back at Yousef - his head. Yousef immediately died at the scene. The funeral of Yousef was attended by his mother, stepbrothers, wife and children. His stepfather was already dead by the time Yousef died.
Impossible Riches
[
]
The al-Assad family has been in a number of numerous scandals, especially the scandal involing where they get their money from. Some say that because of the al-Assad's social media accounts, they practically get money from posting. However, others have speculated that the al-Assads commit numerous crimes to get it their way. However, the al-Assads do operate a cult called the
Assadian Kingdom of the Realm
, which they treat like a real monarchy. There is no law exempting women to become leaders of the cult, but the cult runs in a male-preference primogeniture succession.
Members and "Kings" of the al-Assad Family & Cult
[
]
Yousef Ahmed Al-Assad as King Yousef I (1952-1977)
Aland Elias Al-Assad as King Aland I (1972-2047)
Aland Elias Al-Assad Jr. as King Aland II (1992-2065)
John Paul Yousef Al-Assad as King John I (2048-2113)
Frederick Christian Al-Assad as King Frederick "the Humble" (2073-2148)
His Royal Highness Prince Francis Al-Assad, Prince of Blackfriar as King Francis (2122-2204)
Ezra Frederick Al-Assad as King John II (2148-2267)
Albert Yousef Al-Assad as King Albert I (2191-2299)
Jacob Patrick Al-Assad as King Yousef II (2229-2347)
Albert Jacob Al-Assad as King Albert II (2300-present)
