This page is under construction.
This page is currently undergoing a major renovation or cleanup.
To-do: Unspecified
Activity
Description
Options
Minimum age to do activities
Act Up
Act up at the shelter
Cause mischief at the shelter. You may be reprimanded by the shelter employees if you do this.
None
Attention
Try to attract attention
Attract attention from humans. You may be approached by one and be adopted by it.
Escape
Attempt to escape
You will play a puzzle minigame where the shelter employee moves twice for every move you make. You may or may not escape or be caught and reprimanded.
1 year
Play
(Not available in shelter)
Play with yourself
Play with yourself.  Warning: If you’re unlucky, you may end up breaking something by mistake.
None
Riot
(Only available in shelter)
Try to start a riot
You will play a “Snake” minigame where you must recruit at least 10 animals and avoid bumping into walls, shelter employees, or other animals. You may sustain injuries if it is successful but will gain respect. If unsuccessful, you may be assau,ted by other animals or reprimanded by shelter employees.
1 year
Scavenge
(Only available in street)
Scavenge for food
There will be a memory minigame where you must guess the trash can with the food after they are shuffled. If you win, you will gain health, and if you fail, you will have to wait until the next 3 months.
1 year
Scent
(Only available for females)
Attract a mate
Release a scent. Your scent may or may not attract any males, but if it does, you have the opportunity to mate with them.
1 year
Sewer
Go for a swim in the sewer
You will play a minigame similar to Flappy Bird where you must jump between the pipes. If you collide with one of them you will sustain injuries.
1 year
Time Machine
Travel back in time
You can choose how far you want to travel. This can be as short as 3 months and as long as 3 years.
3 months
Tricks
Practice a trick
Shake Hands
Roll Over
Speak
Play Dead
Spin Around
Wave
Give a Kiss
Bow
Give Hugs
Fist Bump
High Five
Twerk
Sing
6 months
Wander
Wander to a different habitat
You will wander to a different street.
1 year
Witch Doctor
Seek alternative treatments
It will cost a random amount of Public Hairs or Whiskers. It may cure you of any diseases you have, split your stats in half, or kill you.
Surrender...
The game will say, “Don’t give up on “your name”! If you choose “Surrender”, you will die and your potential will end. If you choose “Continue this life”, you will stay alive.
None
