Carter
(later named
Harry
; 1996 - 2025) was an Australian Shepherd from Australia. Known for mastering all known dog tricks from a young age, he lived to the age of 29, a rare feat among dogkind.
Life
[
]
Carter was born in Gold Coast in the backseat of his mother's owner's car. His first owner was Madison Balcombe (1974 - 1997), a travel agent who often ventured to areas around the globe. She and Carter got to know each other fairly well in their full year together. He also made good friends with fellow Aussie shepherd Sammy (1996 - 2014), whom Madison adopted as a puppy when Carter was three months old. At the age of six months, Carter started practicing his tricks. Tragedy struck shortly after his first birthday when he witnessed Balcombe choking on a green bean. He frantically barked as aloud as possible in an attempt to call for help, but to no avail. By the time paramedics arrived, Madison had already died. After the funeral, Carter was rehomed with his new owner, Scarlett Clark (born Scott Clark; 1944 - 2022), a transgender woman who was a curator at the Summit Foundation Museum. At the Clark Residence, he also met Scarlett's other pets, including Fae the cat and Vanilla, a fellow Shepherd.
...
Scarlett died in 2022, aged 78. After he paid his respects at her funeral, Carter was taken to the AAA Animal Shelter. He didn't spend too long there, as he would grab the attention of a customer with his handshaking trick. Her name was Lois Pewterschmidt (born 2000), a soldier in the Australian Army who shared the name with the character from
Family Guy
. Lois took Carter in, but changed his name to Harry, since his old name reminded her of Carter Pewterschmidt, the dad of Lois Griffin on the show, who happened to be her least favorite character.
Tricks
[
]
In June 1996, Carter first starting practicing tricks at the age of six months. His first set of tricks included handshaking, rolling over, speaking, fetching a tennis ball, playing dead, spinning around, waving, kissing, begging and bowing politely, hugging, fist bumping, high fiving, twerking, and singing. He mastered handshaking, rolling over, speaking, fetching a tennis ball, playing dead, spinning around, kissing, begging and bowing politely, hugging, fist bumping, and high fiving in September 1997. In 1998, after mastering waving, twerking, and singing, Carter would start to practice balancing a ball, standing up straight, somersaulting, and pole dancing. He mastered all four of these in March 1999. At that point, he began to practice toilet flushing, hoop jumping, walking on hind legs, using the toilet, opening a beer, rolling a joint, hand standing, conga dancing, tap dancing, and doing a cartwheel. After practicing aforementioned final set of known dog tricks for a year-and-a-half, Carter mastered them by the time he turned five years old in 2001.
Footnotes
[
]
Life played on February 2, 2025.
Obtained "Trickster" ribbon.
