Age
After a character dies, it becomes a "New life" button
Age
is a button on the lower middle of the screen. It is represented with a + sign. Your character's age will go up by either 6 months (If you turn on half year age ups in the games settings) or 1 year every time it is pressed. After your character passes away, it will turn into a sperm that looks like a tadpole, indicating to start a new life. New lives start as 0 years and are infants with their only information being their name, country, house (2019 update), parents, birthday, siblings and pets (if any), and conception method. When passing into a new generation, the character starts at the age that they were when their parent died. Every time a player ages their character, sometimes random events will occur such as
deaths
, surprise pregnancies,
emergency situations
, and encounters. A character can be a baby from age 0-2, a small short-haired child from age 3-11, an older child and teen with longer hair from 12-20, an adult from 21-44, a bit older adult from 45-64, or an elder from age 65+. Following a new update on emojis, it is possible that characters can have grey or white hair from age 45-64. Age plays a role in some of the
Ribbons
; the Geriatric ribbon can be given to a character 120 or older, the Unlucky ribbon can be given to a player who dies under age 30 from a terminal illness or a terrorist attack (in Afghanistan, Iraq, Venezuela, Pakistan, and Syria), and the Lazy ribbon can be given to someone who doesn't do anything in life but press the Age button. As the player ages, the risk of developing certain conditions increases significantly, such as Hair Loss (for male characters) and illnesses commonly associated with older age, such as Alzheimer's. Age seemingly does not affect your characters physical abilities, for example an 80 year old will still have the same minigame when robbing a house as a 20 year old. There has been a case where someone lived for more than 1400 years. No one knows what they did. (
Thomas10SHx
might've found the 3 key things they did: •Born in Canada, Get a gambling addiction and Get the Jenny Craig diet)
