Oh no! Now you are
dead
!
Remember to check
what links here
and
the page history
before deletion.
WIP
Aldon James Teague
(born June 6, 1950) is a multiracial (part Black, part White) American policy analyst for the city of Rome, GA.
Early Life
[
]
Aldon James Teague was born male on June 6, 1950, in Rome, GA, in the United States, to a 27-year-old grocer named Elyse Teague, who got pregnant as a result of artificial insemination from an anonymously donated load to the fertility clinic. The family pet was a female Calico with a white and black coat named Ariel.
In 1951, Elyse Teague married her infertile boyfriend Peyton Roberts and hyphenated his name onto hers. Peyton was unkind to Aldon growing up, since he didn't want a kid in the first place and was uncomfortable with Elyse taking another man's sperm, even if was non-sexually. That year, Aldon's aunt gifted him a new radio.
Aldon was uneventfully vaccinated in 1953. The same year he attended a hot dog eating contest with his mother.
By 1954, Peyton was verbally abusive with Aldon, making him out to be a bad child. This led to fracturing in his relationship with Elyse. Around the same time, Aldon began showing an interest in playing sports when he grew up. He also began listening to hip-hop music with Ariel.
In 1955, Aldon was enrolled at Little Walton Elementary, a public school run by a lax and popular married woman named Amber Gooch. He contracted the chicken pox that weekend with his cat, whom he tried to bathe, only for her to attack him, slicing open his forehead. His wounds and chicken pox were treated by Dr. Davis, and he recovered within the year.
By 1956, Peyton's verbal abuse had gotten worse. Aldon started playing ball with the neighborhood kids and started doing yoga with his mom, who was growing ever more concerned about Peyton's behavior towards her son. Aldon started learning to cook from scratch. By then, Aldon loved to read.
In 1957, Peyton and Elyse got a divorce. Aldon shortly after became friends with one Steven Armstrong, who showed concern for him when he learned his parents were leaving each other.
In 1958, Aldon played the first ever video game "Tennis for Two" on Christmas. Aldon started going on hikes and walks to stay fit.
In 1960, Aldon had his first kiss with a classmate named Leila Bahri.
In 1961, Aldon woke up to Ariel dead in her bed. Elyse was distraught and had a mini-funeral and burial for her at the family plot. When Aldon's classmate, Shauna McGuinness, heard, she became friends with Aldon. Aldon and Steven became best friends as Steven comforted him after his pet died. Shauna asked Aldon out that year and they started "dating" or replicating whatever they understood of dating. Aldon joined the Middle school Basketball team that year and practiced hard. He then started taking Kung Fu lessons.
In 1962, Aldon started consistently working out at Rome Gym. That year, he got a 2-year-old mutt with a brown and white coat named Buddy from the pet store. By then, he was considered part of the "Jock" clique.
In 1964, Aldon enrolled at Catalyst High, a public school run by the strict yet popular Liam Buck-Cummer.
In 1965, Aldon started wearing glasses to remedy his near-sightedness.
By 1966, Aldon desired to take Shauna's virginity. Shauna wanted to wait until marriage, and Aldon respected her wishes.
In 1968, Aldon took out a student loan to pay for tuition at the University of Abacus, in-pursuit of a degree in Political Science. He graduated in 1972.
Career
[
]
In 1963, Aldon started working as a delivery boy for the Rome Daily Star, bringing newspapers to people who hadn't started watching the news on televisions. He started out making $10 an hour.
In 1969, Aldon resigned as a newsboy and started working as a Lab Assistant at his University.
In 1972, Aldon started working as a Jr. Policy Analyst for the City of Rome, making a salary of $37,230 a year.
Personal Life
[
]
In 1968, Aldon married his childhood lover of 7 years, Shauna McGuiness, at a family member's house, having proposed to her with a 0.84-carat diamond ring. They went on a honeymoon to the Galapagos Islands. The same year, Aldon got her pregnant.
In 1969, Aldon's first child and oldest son, Bubba Teague, was born by his wife Shauna.
In 1970, Aldon's second child and oldest daughter, Mercedes Teague, was born by his wife Shauna.
In 1971, Aldon's third child, a daughter, Elyse Teague, was born by his wife Shauna.
In 1972, Aldon bought a 5-year-old male Staffordshire Bull Terrier with a gray coat named Gregory from the pet store. He named him Gregorio and acclimated him to being a family dog. Shauna was initially scared of the dog.
In 1973, Aldon's fourth child, a son, Aldon James Teague Jr., was born by his wife Shauna.
