Lars Nilsson
Swedish Count in 1904
Aliases
The Count of Rosenqvist
Relatives
Parents:
Marquess Nils
(father)
Marchioness Greta
(mother)
Siblings:
Countess Alice
(sister)
Ex-Wife:
Countess Molly
Children:
Matilda Nilsson
(daughter)
Baron William
(son-inheritor)
Baroness Ella
(daugher)
Baroness Elise
(daughter)
Grandchildren:
Elias Nilsson
(grandson)
Thomas Nilsson
(grandson)
Elin Nilsson
(granddaughter)
Affiliation
Royal family
The Count of Rosenqvist
Biographical information
Marital status
Divorced
Education
Harmony Secondary School
Sexuality
Bisexual
Date of birth
October 1, 1860
Place of birth
Gothenburg, Sweden
Date of death
November 11, 1929 (aged 69)
Place of death
Gothenburg, Sweden
Physical description
Species
Human
Gender
Male
Eye color
Azure
Count
Lars Nilsson
(b. October 1, 1860 — d. November 11, 1929) was a Swedish count, born into the family of the Marquises of Nynäs
Nils
and
Greta
. He also has an older sister,
Alice
(the Countess of Meatballs)
, and a calico cat,
Isabella
. He was a Libra.
The Count of Rosenqvist & Möllnlücke, inheritor of the Marquises of Nynäs.
Contents
1
Early Life
2
Childhood
3
Royal Life
4
Government Tendency
5
Death
Early Life
[
]
Infant Lars
Lars was born in Gothenburg, Sweden, with a net worth of $473,303 in 1860. A year after birth, his father was diagnosed with bowel polyps.
At the age of two, the young count came to the conclusion that the world was obsessed with him. That same year, his older sister started primary school.
Lars also had a special talent for modeling, which his mother hinted at when he was 4 years old, saying that she would be happy if Lars grew up to become a model.
At the age of 5, he became friends with Vassilis Kafalas, a native of Greece. Two years later, the count entered the private Frontal Primary School.
Childhood
[
]
Lars at age 12
At school, Lars had no problems with grades or popularity, but he also began studying harder.
When he was 10 years old, his cat Isabella died.
At the age of 11, the count, at the suggestion of his parents, began taking trombone lessons and received a silver trombone as a gift.
A year later, his older sister started secondary school at age 16.
Lars realized his bisexuality.
Then, at the age of 13, Lars flirted with his Swedish teacher, Mr. Magnusson, nodding his head positively at everything he said.
A year later, he confessed his love to Vassilis, but was refused.
When Lars was 15 years old, his father passed away at the age of 79.
Then he enrolled in Harmony Secondary School of private type, by the way suffering from depression.
He tried to pass driving test but failed it.
In school he joined Amnesty International and the brainy kids clique. At age 17 he was cured of depression and his life began to sparkle with new colors.
At age 18 Swedish count graduated from secondary school and settled in royal life.
Royal Life
[
]
Here will be the main notes of the Count's adult life (and politics).
1878:
Lars started dating with his friend, Vassilis.
1881:
Vassilis proposed to Swedish Count with a 18K white gold ring at the food court in the mall. Proposal was accepted.
1882:
Count appreciated the creativity of some university students who switched up the lyrics to nation anthem with a song by Armin van Buuren. He let 'em be creative.
1885:
Nilsson ignored a social media influencer who addressed him as 'your majesty' instead of 'your highness'.
His big sister, Alice, graduated from medical school.
1886:
Lars married Vassilis at Crosspen Estate in front of 3,720 guests.
Vassilis officialy joines the Swedish royal family as the Count of Rosenqvist.
Nilsson diagnosed with fibromyalgia.
1888:
Returning from a walk, he saw his husband in bed with another man, and kicked them both out of the castle.
1889:
He started dating with Molly Mind, his new girlfriend.
1894:
He and Molly have been together for 5 years.
1896:
He proropes to Molly with a 9.43-carat sapphire ring at an elegant restaurant. She accepter his mariage proposal.
1897:
Molly gave birth to a baby girl named Matilda Nilsson.
He married Molly at Crosspen Estate in front of 675 guests. There was a wedding night, after which she became pregnant and Countess of Rosenqvist.
1898:
Molly gave birth to a baby boy named William Nilsson. He automatically became the Baron of Karlstad.
1901:
Molly gave birth to a baby girl named Ella Nilsson. She automatically became the Baroness of Helsingborg.
1904:
Molly gave birth to a baby girl named Elise Nilsson. She automatically became the Baroness of Upssala.
Lars created a will, he dividing things equally.
He took possession of the lands of the Gothenburg suburb of Möllnlücke.
1907:
He and Molly have been together (since the wedding) for 10 years.
1909:
Molly and Lars divorced, dividing their property over 12 years in half.
She officialy left the Swedish royal family, she's no more the Countess of Rosenqvist.
1917:
He was suffering from depression because his son,
William
, died.
1919:
His mother died of complications from old age. He and his big siser each inherited $2,298,421.
Government Tendency
[
]
Lars Nilsson, being a count, does not have the right to support or deny any laws, but performs other activities that characterize his government. Nilsson exhibits a liberal form of politics by not judging people for their mistakes or punishing them.
Death
[
]
Lars dies on November 11, 1929, dividing the property among three heirs.
