Bitizenship
Bitizenship
is a premium membership that costs real money and unlocks special benefits to BitLife. Getting your Bitizenship will make you a bitizen. There is also an upgrade that removes ads, but doesn't unlock any special features, that costs $7.99.
(Real Money!!!)
In addition, there is a new feature called
God mode
which was released in March 2020  which can be purchased outside of Bitizenship and had a free trial that lasted until April 11, 2020. As of April 2026, there is now a bundle combining both perks. This shows up as the selected option, while standalone Bitizenship can also be selected.
Bitizenship is sometimes referenced in quarrels with siblings, conversations with relatives, and at the horse races, there is a horse named Bitizen. There is also an option to buy a Bitizen Membership for your relatives that gives a huge relationship boost.
A controversy surrounding Bitizenship arose in early October 2019 when Candywriter suggested that Bitizenship becomes a monthly payment for new buyers, rather than a one-time offer. The new payment change was tested to Bitizens in Canada and Australia. Response was nearly unanimously negative, prompting
BitLife
to rescind this idea.
Perks to being a Bitizen
[
]
No ads. When playing on a device connected to the Internet. All the ads used in
Movie Theater
, boosts, starting a new life, spending time with all relatives/local relatives, and random ads will not show up. Disabling ads but not buying Bitizenship also removes these ads.
More access to pets. Non-Bitizens may only have up to 4 pets at a time and may only adopt them at the animal shelter. Bitizens have the option to buy from the dog and cat breeders, the exotic pet dealer, the pet shop, and the horse and llama ranches.
No sharing. When a character makes an account or verifies on each social media, they are not required to share the app in real life.
More
Generations
. A Bitizen may have unlimited generations but a non-Bitizen may only have two.
Dark Mode: Gives Bitizens the option of having the screen be black, so playing at night is easier on the eyes.
Being able to join
gangs
in
Prison
.
Interaction with
teachers
at school.
Interaction with bosses. A non-Bitizen can still interact with co-workers at office, much like they can with classmates at school, and request a promotion or a raise.
Go through eye exams
Visit the optometrist for spectacles
Hire a hitman. A non-Bitizen can still choose to do any other crimes.
Interact with anyone in the mafia.
Join a band. A non-Bitizen can still become a solo musician.
Change your appearance.
Performance enhancer.
