Hannah Darcy Shrub
(later
Butler
; 1907 - 1962) was an American pornographic actress and the mother of U.S. President
Henry Shrub
. She starred in Roaring Twenties adult films, as well as those during the Great Depression, war era, and even from the 1950s to early 1960s. Despite her success and cultural impact, Darcy struggles personally with numerous issues, particularly a crippling cocaine addiction that was seldom treated due to various negative circumstances. Ultimately, her addiction served as the downfall of her lengthy career, and she died of an overdose in her mid-50s.
Life and career
[
]
Hannah was born in Connecticut to a prominent middle-class family. Her parents were heavily involved in the theater business, with her mother in the acting areas, and her father in the more directional positions. She started taking lessons at a young age and was popular in her drama club in elementary, middle, and high school, often getting lead roles and serving in program leader positions such as the treasury and the presidency. Hannah graduated high school with high honors and was awarded various theater scholarships for potential use in college.
Darcy entered the adult film industry in 1925 upon turning 18 years old. She rose to prominence starring in many jazzy porno films of the mid-to-late 1920s. She reportedly co-starred with Charlie Chaplin in some movies, but Chaplin himself never confirmed or denied these rumors. At one point, she even played Daisy Buchannan in an erotic adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's
The Great Gatsby
. Darcy enjoyed a lifestyle of extravagance and decent wealth in both her personal life and professional career for several years, until the Great Depression came around in 1929. Throughout the next decade, she would accept smaller, less expensive roles to maintain her finances, and her roles shifted from generally suggestive characters simply looking for a good time to more serious ones, often being more story-focused than a traditional porno.
When the Depression ended in 1939, Darcy's career saw a gradual resurgence, and her previous style began to slowly fade back into the spotlight. When the United States entered the war two years later, she began to star in a wide variety of Allied propaganda adult films.
Personal life and death
[
]
Darcy met writer
Jackie Shrub
during the Great Depression. She offered to go out with him if he appeared in one of her films and then would write about their experience. Shrub accepted her invitation and they showed each other a good time. They eventually married by the end of the Depression and the breakout of World War II. Their son, Henry, was born in 1944. Hannah and Jackie divorced in 1951 when Henry was seven years old, citing irreconcilable differences. Two years later, Darcy married university professor
Jim Bob Butler
, who would also make appearances in Hannah's films. At this time, she adopted her new married name, Hannah Butler, as her stage name.
In 1962, shortly after her son's high school graduation and the death of Jackie, Hannah's addiction got the better of her, as she suffered an overdose of cocaine. She died at the hospital several hours later, at the age of 55, a decade short of her eligibility for retirement. Henry would spend many years afterwards to find and prosecute the dealer who supplied the drugs to his mother, but seemingly to no avail. Hannah is survived by her grandchildren,
Grayson
,
Julia
, and
Martha
.
