Amaya Simpson
(May 12, 1964 - May 22, 2021) was an American serial killer who killed five people over several decades. A couple of her victims were former romances. Simpson was motivated by the inequalities between men and women, as well as revenge against her former lovers for supposedly taking advantage of her.
Early and personal life
[
]
Amaya was born in Denver as the daughter of attorney Donald Simpson (1932 - 2002) and an anonymous surrogate mother, who was a college student. Donald, a gay man, married professor Luke Basio (1927 - 1987).
Her first romance was with Mason Phelps (1964 - 2008) whom she met and danced with at a middle school dance. In high school, Simpson made the cheerleading team. Mason broke up with Amaya during her junior/sophomore year of high school.
During her sophomore/junior year, Amaya met her second boyfriend,
Scott Slaughter
(1964 - 1986), an author, with whom she had her daughter,
Sydney
(born 1981). Sydney is an insurance agent for Chrome Insurance.
Petty criminal record
[
]
A year after graduating high school with the class of 1982 and enrolling in college with an economics degree, Simpson began pickpocketing lowlife criminals, such as hooligans, gangsters, and perverts. She also pickpocketed three Russian hackers as an attack against the Soviet Union. A fourth Russian hacker got the attention of a nearby cop. Amaya was arrested, tried and convicted of larceny. She served a year in Crimson State Jail.
In 1984, Simpson and her friend twerked on a sneakerhead while hanging out downtown. She was caught again and convicted of criminal mischief, serving two years in Pound Regional Prison.
Murders
[
]
After completing her sentence 1986, Simpson and Slaughter had an argument about Amaya going on birth control. Her mind entered a dark place during the week-long debate. She first dug a bear trap outside Scott's front door. He tried to call the police on her, but she escaped. Later, she threw a toaster in his bathtub with he was taking a bath. He was killed in the electrocution.
In 1987, Amaya's stepfather, Luke, left out his condoms when she had friends over. This angered Simpson to the point where she right hooked Luke's groin, poked his eyes with her bare fingers and boxed his ears with a left hook. Luke died from his injuries. Simpson was charged with manslaughter, murder, and running from the police when she tried to escape. Having only a public defender at her trial, she plead guilty and was sentenced to life in prison at Groper Federal Penitentiary. Simpson gained notoriety as a prisoner for attacking fellow inmates from time to time.
In 2001, the warden offered Simpson a release from prison if she snitched on another inmate. She accepted it and was released. Simpson was grateful for this as she got to spend her father's last year before his death in 2002. Simpson also reconnected with Sydney, now 20 years old, after nearly fifteen years. She then began dating Fabian Rizzo, and they married in 2005. In 2008 and 2009 respectively, Amaya killed her ex, Mason, and her former friend turned enemy, Molly, both with antifreeze in their iced tea. In 2010, Simpson robbed a drug addict of $4 in cash, his television, watch and teddy bear. She traded the items for a total haul of $68.
In 2014, Simpson performed the antifreeze trick to murder a cowboy. She was caught and charged with three counts of murder, in addition to burglary. She hired Phillips and Associates to represent her and plead not guilty. Simpson was convicted of the murders and sentenced to death by lethal injection. She was sent back to Groper Federal Penitentiary. She and Rizzo divorced in 2018, three years before her execution.
Simpson was executed by lethal injection on May 22, 2021, ten days after her 57th birthday. Her daughter, stepsisters, nieces and nephews didn't attend her funeral.
