William Crowley
Aliases
Prophet Crowley
Archwizard Crowley
Crowley the Cursed
Eternal Prophet
Relatives
Felicity Crowley(mother)
Felicity Newton(stepfather)
Lexi Gatwick(half-sister)
Joan Newton(stepsister)
Jane Crowley(daughter)
James Crowley(son)
Edmund Crowley(son)
Rose Cockfield(granddaughter)
Victoria Harris(granddaughter)
Affiliation
Comet Collective(1960-2021)
Katona Engineering(1989-2009)
Biographical information
Marital status
Ada Murphy(ex-wife)
Sexuality
Straight
Date of birth
December 18, 1937
Place of birth
Nottingham,UK
Date of death
December 3, 2023 (aged 85)
Place of death
Debrecen,Hungary
Physical description
Species
Human
Gender
Male
"
The skies bear the herald, a blazing harbinger, the Great Comet whose fiery tail shall sweep the corruption of mankind into oblivion. We who bear the mark of the skull embrace the end, for from destruction comes purification and the birth of the true eternal spirit.
" - Excerpt from
The Book of the Comet
William Crowley
was a British occultist, chemical engineer, puppeteer and photographer. He was the leader of the international cult, The Comet Collective from 1960 to 2021. Crowley is regarded as the most notorious cult leader of all time.
Early Life(1937-1960)
[
]
William Crowley was born on December 18, 1937 in Nottingham, United Kingdom. His mother, Felicity Crowley was unemployed and his father left shortly after he was born .A year after his birth, his mom would marry Jenson Felicity.
Crowley became a delinquent at an early age. In 1954, he would go on a spree of armed robberies, robbing the Nottingham Trust Bank twice and getting caught while robbing the Posh Credit union. He spent much of his youth in a juvenile penitentiary. After getting a GED, William enrolled in university in 1955 and graduated with a degree in chemistry in 1959. He struggled to find proper employment due to his criminal record and ended up working as a bartender to make ends meet.
Comet Collective(1960-2021)
[
]
In 1960, Crowley would establish the Comet Collective in an old hermitage he had bought using funds he had acquired from drug trafficking and bank robberies. Crowley's charisma attracted many followers, with followers identifying each other with skulls branded on their foreheads. In 1961, Crowley authored
The Book of the Comet
, which became the foundational text and sacred book of the cult. Using his knowledge in chemistry, Crowley produced the drugs necessary for the cult's main ritual involving followers consuming high amounts of devil dust, which most often caused quite a few followers to overdose to death, later being mummified in honor. Crowley would also marry one of his followers, Ada Murphy in 1963 and have two sons, James and Edmund Crowley and a daughter, Jane Crowley. However, they would soon divorce after Ada would leave the cult, enraging Crowley. Throughout the 70s and 80s the cult expanded substantially, with even his mom joining at some point and the yearly offerings of his followers making him a millionaire, the cult soon being housed in a massive compound. Crowley also took up jobs such as puppeteering and photography to mask his true source of income. His mom would die in 1983 after overdosing in one of the many rituals.
In 1988, a journalist leaked Crowley's identity to the press, exposing him as the leader of the cult that had gained nationwide notoriety. Until then, Crowley had managed to keep his real identity a secret, going by the title of "Archwizard of the Comet Collective" and posing as a regular bartender and photographer. Fearing capture, Crowley fled to Hungary, aided by his most trusted followers.
In Hungary, Crowley purchased a manor equipped with a chemistry lab, observatory, and library. There, he deepened his study of the occult. In 1991, he launched the Hungarian branch of the Collective, establishing it as the cult’s international headquarters. From 1991 onwards, the cult spread to 14 countries worldwide, having compounds and safehouses in each, though it's activity in the UK and Hungary remained the highest. He also began working at Katona Engineering as a chemical engineer, retiring from this job in 2009.
In 2021, after taking a memory test he was diagnosed with dementia. Declaring himself unable to lead the cult any longer, he stepped down as leader invited his son, James to Hungary to succeed him, who reluctantly did so. As the new leader of the Comet Collective,James began reforming the cult. He abolished devil dust rituals and promoted a more moderate cult philosophy, though still adhering to core tenets in the
Book of the Comet.
He would also open limited dialogue with local authorities and spiritual organizations in Hungary to reduce suspicion and improve the cult’s public image.   As steward of the Crowley Manor, James continues to preserve its occult heritage while using it as a center for education and community gatherings.
Death
[
]
William Crowley died on December 3, 2023, at the age of 85. His body was returned to Nottingham, where a funeral attended by both family and loyal cult members was held.
In late 2024, a statue of William Crowley was erected in the manor’s courtyard. He was posthumously granted the title of
"Eternal Prophet"
by his son and successor.
