Debbie Imani Rosewood
(born
Deborah Perry Rosewood
; March 5, 1975 - March 9, 2022) was an American stockbrocker. She spent her entire 23-year career at the New York Stock Exchange. Rosewood was one of the most prominent figures in revolutionizing the NYSE during the first decade of the 21st century, becoming one of the youngest leaders in the business in 2002 following her promotion to the senior level of her job at the age of 27.
Early life and education
[
]
Debbie was born to Imani (born 1951) and Perry Rosewood (born 1948) in New York. Her father is a retired jeweler and was a Vietnam War draft dodger. Her mother is a retired internal auditor for Requiem Systems with a medical degree. Debbie originally had her father's first name as her middle name, starting at birth, though she later changed her middle name to her mother's first name. Although she had no siblings growing up, she was very fond of the family shih tzu, Darell (c. 1974 - 1987).
From a young age, Rosewood was interested in how money worked. In middle school, she was a member of the Academic Decathalon club (of which she became vice-president in eighth grade), the puzzle club, cancer awareness club, and creative writing club. In high school, she joined the Academic Decathalon again (this time becoming president in her junior/senior year), as well as the Red Cross and yoga clubs. After graduating high school in 1993, Rosewood enrolled in the University of New York, Class of 1997, majoring in economics. There, she was a member of the Speech & Debate club, foreign language club (of which she became president in her junior/senior year), history club, and honor society. After graduating in 1997, she started business school, where she joined the investing, billiards, and yoga clubs, and also worked as a research assistant until her graduation.
Career
[
]
Shortly after completing business school in 1999, Rosewood began her new job at the New York Stock Exchange as a stockbroker. She befriended her co-workers, Amelia McNulty, Edward "Eddie" Cox, Elijah Morgan, Evelyn Green, Jesse Jefferson, Krystal Butkus, Lauren Dingleberry (potential relative of dancer
Uma Dingleberry
), and Yusef Wu. In 2002, Rosewood became a senior accountant at the age of 27.
In September of 2001, Rosewood had some assignments that took place at the World Trade Center. On September 10, she came down with a cold and called in sick for the next day. The next morning, on September 11, the Twin Towers were struck by two jet planes and destroyed as part of the terrorist attacks of that day. In an interview, Rosewood expressed how lucky she was to have not gone into work that day, saying that getting that cold was "a blessing in disguise."
Personal life and death
[
]
In her freshman year of college, Rosewood met fellow student Ramell Winfrey (born 1975), a restaurateur for Integrity Cafe. After eight years of dating, they married in 1999, after which Rosewood had graduated from business school and started her career. Their daughter, Ariana Winfrey, was born in 2005. Their son, Bartholemew "Bart" Rosewood, was born in 2009. Ariana is a nursing student, while Bart is a junior in high school.
Rosewood's long hours and pressure on herself contributed to poor health conditions, particularly high blood pressure. She died of a heart attack on March 9, 2022, four days after her 47th birthday.
