Please do not edit this, as this is not finished yet...
Birth & toddler stage
[
]
Nate Rapinoe was born on February 6th 1997, in Honolulu, united states. He was given up after his birth mother was unable to determine which of her many, many lovers was my father. Until one day a person by the name of Mercedes Rapinoe came in and adopted me, I sadly have no father. I am a Aquarius.
At age 2 Nate was not sure what was fun to pretend, he thought for a few minutes and he figured out, it was cooking food!
At age 3 his mother wanted to buy a parakeet named Pumpkin, Nate said yeah!
At age 4 a little boy came up to Nate and asked to be friends while playing at the park, He agreed and now they are friends. While during that year Nate got diagnosed with pneumonia and went to the doctors and got all better!
At age 5, little Nate got enrolled at Little Seaman-Shiner Public elementary school, while his mom gave him a kiss for good luck on his first day.
At age 6, his classmate Heather flipped her desk over while his teacher Mrs. Ryder, stepped out of the class. Nate decided to snitch to the principal. Then after she heard that he snitched on her she attacked him she socked his forearm.
At age 7, a kid in Nates class tells him that he smells like sweaty testicles, he got so mad he bit his nose. After that he snitched the principal on Nate, and he apologized. His mom found out and scolded him, He apologized to his mother and said he will never do it again. He also crushed juiceboxes at his friends, David's birthday party.
At age 8, Nate's elementary school is putting on a play of "A Christmas Carol" and there are still roles available, Nate picks the lead role. He also calls his friend David "The top dog"
At age 9,  Nates mother notices he cant see well and brings him to the eye doctor, Nate gets new glasses, and can see better.
At age 10, He has a opportunity to have a first kiss with a girl in your class named Aria Fudge-Springer. He didn't want to get bullied by his classmates so he ran away. He talked with his friend about the best movie villan of all time, I said batman.
At age 11, Nate started middle school at Pickler Middle school. One day While Nate woke up to feed his pet bird Pumpkin, he notice him not breathing anymore. He cried for days.
At age 12, Nate couldn't stop crying, so his mother took him to the doctors and diagnosed with depression.
At age 13, Nate was thinking about what he should wear for his first day, he didn't care. as long as he was him he didn't care.
at age 14. he started high school, at Brittany Thrasher Highschool. He decided to try out for basketball team, and he got into it practicing, little did he know his life would take a turn soon..
At age 15, Nate is no longer suffering from depression.
At age 16, Nate is hanging out with some friends, when his gut begins hurting and you have had diarrhea, you go a docter and get treated. He passes his test with a full mark!
At age 17,  Nate and his mother go to a freestyle hip-hop battle...
at age 18, he graduates, and begins his journey as a street hustler. While on the busy roads. he tells 3 people to buy his fake merchandise and they call him insults, but one person agrees and he sells him a fake rolex watch for 799$
at age 19 he wanted to do some evil mischief, and kill his friend David
at age 20 he got arrested by selling something to a cop he wanted revenge.
at age 21. He didn't want to get his criminal record to affect him so he got a job as a cameraman.
at age 22 he got a cheap car, to do some evil mischief, and got in a car and murdered his enemies David, the cops didn't see anything.
at age 23. he wanted to kill somebody again, but he tried strangling his mother. But she called the police. With a life sentence... While escaping he stole a uniform of a cop and put it on and escaped.
at age 24, he wanted to kill his mom again, And he killed his mother by clubbing her. He donated her for science.
at age 25 he wanted to do more killing, but he got arrested again. and wanted to go out of jail but he surrendered.
at age 26, he suffered from depression
at age 27, He attacked a fellow prisoner named Fresh Ebenzer, Nate delivered a uppercut to his jaw. Then he pounded his kidney causing kidney failure.
at age 28, while playing connect 4 Nate tried with 100% effort, but he lost anyways
at age 29, he bumped into a fellow prisoner named P0rn $tar, He attacked him I punched his throat but I missed.
at age 30, he tried steroids.
at  age 31, He, noticed another prisoner named Psycho, I insulted him, he hit me with a club, hitting my mouth
at age 32, he tried Salvia, and he got addicted to it
at age 33, he is suffering from bunions....
at age 34, he got diagnosed with hepatitis A, awaiting for my death in his bunker.
at age 35I met a guy name blinky, insulting him it could be his last year... Thankfully nothing happened.
at age 36, He fought the tray after he said he claimed Nates tray.
at age 37. He attacked another prisoner named, STANKY RONALD.
at age 38, Nate tried some ecstasy, and cried in his cell, the prisoners whistled at me
at age 39 he chuckled aftering hearing a prisoner got killed by a drunk driver after serving for 7 DUIS
at age 40 he insulted Psycho after he was forced to drink the urine.
at age 41, he suffered from Gynecomastia...
at age 42, hes no longer suffering from hepatitis A....
at age 44. Nate insulted Dank, because he accused him for having a crush on the warden.
at age 45, Nate suffered from anxiety, because what is he doing in his life?
at age 46, Nate insulted another dude, and he punched  his brain and attacked Nate with brass knuckles
at age 48, Nate got diagnosed with diabetes.
Where it all ends...
At age 49......  Nate bumped into a prisoner... He insulted the prisoner and then he attacked Nate, where he fell into a coma and died later that day..... The funeral was attended by nobody....
Nate Rapinoe
Aliases
Idiot by his mother
Relatives
Mother
