Atticus
(2009 - 2025) was a Scottish Chartreux cat who spent an adventurous life in Glasgow.
Life
[
]
Atticus was born at Beatrice's Pet Boutique in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom as a result of the pet store employees accidently putting his mother and father in the same cage together. He was put on sale for 700 pounds ($869.69 USD; $$1,271.63 in 2025 money). In addition to some brief-but-loving memories with his birth parents, Atticus became fairly acquainted with Mr. Smith, one of the store employees, and the other animals, including a bulldog named Stella, five other cats named Olive, Iris, Natasha, Nora, and Manual, a French bulldog named Naomi, a ball python named Joseph, and two rabbits named Rosie and Charolotte.
When he was six months old, Atticus was diagnosed with FIV. Ms. Lawrence, another employee of Beatrice's, refused to pay for his treatment. At the age of nine months, Atticus was introduced to a customer named
Alfred "Alfie" Clark
(c. 1911 - 2010), a retired business analyst who, having no family left after the passing of his wife and children, as well losing touch with his grandchildren, purchased Atticus and adopted him. Atticus was thrilled with his new life at the Crocker residence. He showed much love towards Alfie and his two other pets, Peluche the pug and Nike the mutt.
In 2010, when Atticus was one-and-a-half years old, Alfie died after suffering from a stroke. He and Peluche were subsequently rehomed to the Sterling residence with Pheobe Murphy (née Sterling; born 1979). Pheobe also showed Atticus much love and appreciation. He and Peluche continued playing together in Atticus' early years at the Sterling residence. In 2011, he attempted to thwart a burglary while Pheobe was at work. He sliced the burglar's throat, and the assailant fought back with a water bottle, escaping with some items. Phoebe thanked Atticus for trying his best.
Atticus took up some tricks in 2012, such as bowing. After some adventures such as a hiking trip, Pheobe took him to the vet, where she paid for his FIV treatment. Despite this, he would continue to suffer from the disease for the rest of his life. In 2013, Pheobe married insurance agent Henry Murphy (born 1976). Murphy would prove to be abusive to Atticus, always rejecting his company. One day in 2015, he threw feces in Atticus' bed, much to the latter's anger. Atticus sprayed Henry in his toenail.
In 2016, Murphy teased Atticus with a cheeseburger. Enraged, Atticus screeched at him and ran away. Eventually, Pheobe grew tired of Henry's abuse and divorced him later that year. When Henry finally moved out, Atticus and Peluche were at peace. He even helped Pheobe when she was going through her depressive states. In 2018, Peluche died from food poisoning. Later that year, Atticus survived a wolf attack, which gave him rabies that proved to be untreatable, like his FIV.
Pheobe married her second husband, Elton Young (born 1986) in 2020. Young, a soldier in the British Army, says he served with Prince Harry. Unlike Henry, Elton showed great respect for Atticus. In 2021, Pheobe and Elton got a leopard named Menace, who made Atticus feel nervous. The two somewhat warmed up to each other for a short time. However, their relationship turned sour in 2023 when Atticus accidently got too close, and Menace angrily wrecked his face, bit his tongue, butchered his thigh and tore his foreleg.
In 2024, Atticus was introduced to another new pet, a macaque named Jeremy. As with Menace, Jeremy did not get along too well with the cat. One time, he whipped Atticus with his tail and was disciplined by Elton. However, their friendship somewhat improved when Atticus helped Jeremy attack Menace, in which they clawed his paw.
In 2025, Pheobe took Atticus on his last car ride to the vet, where he discovered that, since nothing could be done about his FIV and rabies, he was going to be euthanized. Feeling like he had lived a long and fulfilling life, Atticus accepted his fate and seized the opportunity to spend his final moments with Pheobe, to whom he showed his love for her, and the two exchanged two exchanged tearful goodbyes and thanking each other for all they had been through. Atticus was euthanized later that day. Pheobe built a pyre in her backyard and cremated Atticus on it, leaving his soul to rest.
Footnotes
[
]
Life played on January 30, 2025.
Obtained "Bad Kitty" ribbon.
