Albert Goldstein
Aliases
Goldmine
The Rich Man's Dream
Relatives
Myles Goldstein (father)
Jasmin Lester-Long (mother)
Morgan Lester-Long (half-sister)
Aiden Carr (half-brother-in-law)
Affiliation
The Sweet Wednesdays
Along the Sheets
The New Orleans Strippers
Biographical information
Education
Law School
Sexuality
Straight
Date of birth
January 12, 1873
Place of birth
New Orleans, Louisiana
Date of death
July 27, 1938
Place of death
New Orleans, Louisiana
Physical description
Gender
Male
Eye color
Green
Albert Louis Goldstein Sr.
, more commonly known by his stage name
Goldmine
, was an American pop singer who has been hailed as the "
Father of Modern Pop Music
". He is also the patriarch of the wealthy Goldstein family. He is best known for writing and performing the vocals for his bands' hit singles, "The Void", "Almighty", "Kool Things", and "Fight the Fire", which all soared to reach a Diamond record, and his best known for producing albums such as "Sheets", "My Son Franklin", "The Victory of Tomorrow", and "Agony", which all reached double Platinum records, with the exemption of "Sheets", which peaked at a Diamond record.
Similarly, Goldstein was a well-known pilanthropist and wanted to seek a political career, which he ended up never doing. In 2019, America's Pop Music Hall of Fame inducted Goldstein to be amongst the hall of legendary pop artists.
Contents
1
Early Life
2
The "Goldmine" Era
3
Death
4
Personal Life
5
Trivia
Early Life
[
]
Albert Louis Goldstein was born on January 12, 1873, to Dr. Myles Goldstein, a retired pharmacist, and Lieutenant Colonel Jasmin Lester-Long as a result of an affair between the two. Because of his mother's affair with Samuel Longhorn 7 years before he was born, Albert also had an older half-sister, Staff Sergeant Morgan Lester-Long.  Albert was reported to be a good student at school, but he was a delinquent and normally got into trouble with the law and his own parents. "The Weekly Lodge", Albert's local newspaper reported an incident in 1879 in which two children had plastered a paper that said "WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING" on every sign that they encountered, and also plastered a piece of paper with the words "I have a crush on you" on random people's back. In an interview in 1925, Albert revealed that the masterminds behind this ordeal was him and Morgan.
Even as a child, Albert had a special gift of understanding and learning how to play instruments pretty fast. His mother gave him his first flute at the age of 8, and he almost perfected the intrument in a year. He later learned how to play the piano, organs, trumpet, banjo, guitar, and the drums. At first, Albert struggled to have a good singing voice. His singing was decent, so he decided to give up on singing. It wasn't until 1888, when Albert was 15, when he finally decided to try to sing.
The "Goldmine" Era
[
]
Albert joined The Sweet Wednesdays after graduating from Law School. Fans started called him "Goldmine" as a nod to his last name, which Albert enjoyed and made it his official stage name. At first, they faced moderate success with their debut single, "In the Mood". However, things quickly changed when they produced "But Then", which became their first album that received a gold record. Throughout Goldmine's tenure in The Sweet Wednesdays, he racked up almost $110,000,000 for the band. After many years serving as the lead vocalist, the members of the band decided to kick Albert out after think that he took much of the spotlight from them.
Then, Albert joined the band called "Along the Sheets", which was his most successful venture in his life. With the band, he produced some of his best albums known to date, including "Sheets", whom critics have highly regarded as Albert's best and greatest work of all. After many years with Along the Sheets, Albert was eventually kicked out again, and he proceeded to join the New Orleans Strippers. They achieved a quite amount of success, with their greatest hit being "New Orleans Pride", although their success pales in comparison to the success of Along the Sheets. In 1938, Albert retired from making music, ending a long and spontaneous music career.
Death
[
]
At 9:29 P.M., Albert was found dead in his luxurious manor, aged 65. Police and the state's coroner's jury ruled the death as self-committed. His wife, Victoria, recounts that, after the death of his son Franklin, aged 7, seven years prior to his death, Albert had been longing to reach "the other side" with Franklin, and to reunite with him once more. Albert was buried at St. Valentine's Memorial Park, and his buried in a mausoleum called "The Goldstein Family Vault", along with his wife and children.
Personal Life
[
]
As a student in middle school, Albert met his future wife, Victoria McCormick. Victoria was a descendant of the famous McCormick family, known for being a family of inventors and the family that invented the famous McCormick Reaper. Although a decently popular kid in school, Albert never expected to catch the eye of Victoria until she asked him out to be her boyfriend. They were both 13 when they started dating, and they got married when they were 27 in the summer of 1900. Albert and Victoria had a great marriage and it produced 36 children, only which 1 didn't make it to adulthood.
Albert was known as a loving father to his children, and always was there whenever his children wanted him to pay for their university education. After the gruesome death of his 7-year-old son, Franklin Delano Goldstein (named after Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the son of his father's friend, James Roosevelt), Albert fell into a deep depression and spent his last years full of a false hope that he can be reunited with Franklin once again. This eventually led to his death. His eldest son,
Frederick Goldstein
, became an actor and, later, the President of the United States.
Trivia
[
]
Albert was conceived in a library.
Albert was named after his maternal grandfather, Albert Lester-Long.
Many Goldstein family members are named in honour of Albert. Some of them are Albert Louis Goldstein Jr., and Louis Albert Goldstein, son of Frederick Goldstein,
Albert once had a black belt in kung fu and a red belt in both karate and judo.
Albert almost went to jail for disturbing the peace, but he was found not guilty.
