Ben Wallace
(1879-1954) was a mafia member. And was born a male in Nashville, United States On May 2nd, 1879. His mom is Miley Wallace an unemployed person (age 28). And his father name is Duke Wallace, a receptionist (age 26). They have a family dog named Imani. During his teenager ages, he loved mafia stuff so he wanted to be just like them.
Early life and job
[
]
Ben Wallace was born in Nashville, Tennessee in May 2nd, 1879 to his two loving parents, they weren't rich, but they tried going their best. During his youth he was known as an introvert not having many friends. He was also a big fan of sports, playing a few baseball games when he was a preteen he was the best on his team, it was inspired he wanted to be a baseball team but the kids, rejected him starting his crime.
In 1893, at the age of 14, he started his crime, he was mentally ill and pushed off a meter maid off a cliff while she was admiring a cliff, and she died nobody really knew what happened, studies said she drowned after passing away from falling off of it. A few months later Ben scared a junkie also killing him. At age 15, he got stabbed by a shiv from a physician after attempted murderer, but strangled another one killing her. And a couple days poisoned another person, getting 44 years in prison. He had a plan to escape. At age 16, he suffered from depression.
At age 18, he got into a max prison, but he had a plan to escape and got on the run and killed another person, a milf off a cliff, wanting to plan hos escape from jail.
Personal life & job
[
]
At age 23, he escaped from jail and was on the run he went back to the mafia to ask and joined it. He robbed the bank the same year, at 24 he became friends with his family associate Giosue Bucca, At age 25, he chopped off a ear of a animal trainer. At age 28, he impaled a phone s4x operator, and she died and he took the oath of silence and promised to never leave and became a official mafia member. He tried, to rob a vbank and got put back into jail just to escape months later. At age 29, the mafia members killed, his mother after getting wrapped with bacon and devoured by ravenous wolfs, and he planned her funeral. At the same age, he started dating a famous actor named Zen Maya. At age 30, he got named Ben "Skids" Wallace.
He got put into jail for 40 years after getting caught., and got dumped.  and escaped, to get revenge on his friend he scared his girlfriend, and killed her., and robbed a bank, and got put into jail. At age 40, he escaped. and he left the mafia At age 41, he noticed a red velvet cake on his coffee table, and at 42 a red velvet on a s1x swing. At age 45, he moved to Greece illegially and got a job as a apprentice auto mechanic for floros athens. At age 47, he started dating a girl named Evi Kalfas. At age 48, his girlfriend got pregnant, and at age 49 had a baby named Serena, at the same year his father passed away from a stroke. At age 50, his wife got pregnant again, and gave birth to a baby girl the next year named Daniella. At age 52, he proposed  to Evi, at a sunset cruise. At age 54, his finance got pregnant, and at the same time they had their honeymoon at and got married at  beach in israel.
At age 55, his wife gave birth to a baby girl named Lisa. At age 59, a book and a movie was made of Ben, the movie was called "Ben, and his crimes" And the book was called "Bens Life" At age 60, his wife got pregnant again, and had another girl named Aaliyah. At age 62, his wife got pregnant, and had another girl named Lindsay. At 72, he finally retired after working for 20+ years.
DEATH
[
]
On march 22, 1954, at the age of 75 he was walking into a gas station, and he noticed a strange looking guy he caught him and starting choking him. The Mafia member screamed at him and said, "WHY DID YOU LEAVE THE FAMILY, YOU VOWED!!" He started to get scared and begged for his life but he wasn't forgive and thrown into a tub and burnt alive. He was then put into the ocean to drown, but was found by a family and made a funeral for him, his funeral was attended by his soulmate, Evi, and his five loving daughters and the other family.
After the funeral, which was on March 28th, the detectives, and FBI took a look to see who killed him, some say it was a accidently death, some say it was from suicide, and after 6 whole years on August 5th, 1961, the man behind his death was named Alaric Whitmore, one of his members in his mafia was behind the killing, and was in back and forth trial, for 4 years and on December 18th, 1965, he got found guilty and received the death penalty, and finally after all those years of being on the loose he got executed on October 14th, 1974, from electric chair, nobody went to his funeral. In 1980, the detectives also noticed that 2 other people were related in the incident, but there names were unknown, but they suspected they were both dead and didn't put them in jail. The case was called The Ben Wallace Boiling Case.
A few years before his passing reporters, went to his home to ask "Why did, you become a mafia member" Ben just stated, "I, never had friends in school, I thought it would've been cool but I regretted it.."
